Current date and time: 2025-01-04 17:35:29.003533

Sir, were you waiting for your FD to mature?"
"Sir, during lockdown, I had a financial crunch."
"When everybody stopped."
"My friends laugh at me and say that at the age of retiring, you're planning to start over."
"The credit for this beard goes to lockdown."
"Who shaves? Let it be!
"Thank you! Let's hear it for the entire team of 'The Night Manager'."
"Welcome to our show!"
"I would like to tell something about Ravi. Behind this white beard and hair lies a person who told Urmila Matondkar 20 years ago..."
"He has returned to acting 20 years later."
"No, but to be really serious I didn't work for 10 years after 'Boogie Woogie.' "
"But that's how it should be. What say?"
"So, 15-20 days later, at home, my mother, brother, and sister noticed that it looks good on me."
"Seriously. They asked me to maintain this look. I maintained it and - the rest is..."
"When half the face got hidden, you started looking better."
"She sounds like my sister. [laughs] Everybody has a relationship with you. She reminds me of my uncle too."
"Archana, you've had a long career too. Wow! From 'Mughal-e-Azam' to this day. [laughs]"
"Very few people know that whenever Prithviraj Kapoor was unavailable she used to be his body double. [laughs]"
"I said that I can't manage acting anymore.
"Aditya played a prank as a night manager on people. - Yes."
"No, a few people didn't recognise me. They actually felt that I'm the real manager."
"I made a key card for people."
"I checked in a person."
"I went two hours before, I learnt how to do the check-in and it was fun."
"But I met an ex-teacher. He said, 'Aditya?' 'You had become an actor.'"
"So, I need a backup. [laughs] But, sadly, she believed me. [laughs] Sadly."
"Sir, have you ever walked and noticed someone fighting on the street and you just stopped the car and had fun watching it."
"Son, the song is over. Why are you still dancing? I'm not dancing, Dad."
"Dear, your pant is so big that even a dinosaur can get in. [laughs]"
"I have a benefit, Anil. I wear a skirt. When an ant enters and leaves... [laughs] I never realise it. It's fun. [laughs]"
"Wow, Anil! I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart. You travelled so far to end our season. [laughs]"
"No, never. I've never done that. I intervene. [laughs]"
"[grunts] Hey... - What are you doing, Dad? - An ant just entered, son. [laughs]"
"Hello, greetings, how are you all? Greetings! Welcome to the show."
"Welcome!"
"He is not here to end the season. He is here for 'The Night Manager.'"
"Dear, these films and series are just excuses. Anil's main job is to end people's seasons. [laughs]"
"The last time you came for 'Jug Jug Jeeyo' and it was our season end too. Correct. I remember. Wow! This is our finale. [laughs]"
"How 9 months fled is something that Archana never realised.""We realise it because we have to work hard in every episode. "
"I'd like to give you a gentle reminder. What is it, son? We pulled it off for 9 months. You joined us 3 months back. [laughs]"
"Don't remind me of those 6 months. I know how I spent every day. [laughs]"
"Yes, play it. You must do some work too. [laughs]"
"Kapil, I'd like to say something."
"Anyway, this is the last season... Yes, play it."
"Hey, Dad! Dad, my lovely Dad! [laughs]"
"Why are you calling it the last season? This is just the beginning. We will have more and more seasons."
"We will have more, right? - Yes. That's all that I wanted to know."
"Ah! Because Kapil, I've chosen a flat in Bhandup. [laughs]"
"I worked here for 9 months, Dad. All of it. Every episode. Shut up! Sit down! Sit down! [cheering]"
"You're taunting your father. - Just a moment, - I'll teach you a lesson."
"Wow, Anil! You are so fit! Don't you feel so? Tell me! When you look at Anil, don't you feel that Aditya Roy Kapur's younger brother made a debut in web series? [laughs]"
"Then tell me, Anil. Which school do you go to? [laughs]"
"Do you have something on your mind, son? - Yes, Dad. - What is it? - The flat in Bhandup."
"I've bought it, Dad. [laughs]"
"Dad, talk to these big stars."
"Yes, you're right. It's great fun! Let's hear it for these stars! Wow! Very nice! You are superstars."
"There's a small star amidst them too. - What are you saying, Dad? - In terms of appearance."
"There are some limitations to comedy. Saying believable things. saying any kind of nonsense."
"What if he's a big man? He didn't install some buttons. Like, press the button, and the wiper cleans the sweat. [Laughs]"
"Yes, but now she can't. Why? - Because there are cameras everywhere. [Laughs] People can see who is stealing things. That's why."
"And if you want to learn anything from Mr. Anil, learn about his fitness."
"Oh, God. Anil sir. Comedy, one side, I am your huge fan. Really amazing."
"What a great hair. What a great skin. What great eyes. What a personality!"
"What are ten thousand rupees for you?"
"What is he saying? I'm asking, do you have ten thousand rupees? [Laughs]"
"I live in Kharghar, I have to go all the way after this. [Claps]"
"When I see you, I remember my youth. Oh! Are you puking? [Laughs]"
"When I see you, I remember Sushma's youth."
"Sushma is gone. That's why I remember her. [Laughs]"
"The youth went, that's why I remember. But you won't leave. Sticking to me all day."
"Sir, I would like to say one thing."
"Anil sir, I would like to say one thing. When I see you, I remember my youth."
"And Aditya, what a handsome boy."
"It's good, Father. You can think of everyone but not your son."
"Anil sir, you know."
"Even shadow leaves us in a dark place. He follows me there too."
"I was wearing my pant in the dark yesterday. And on the other side, he already had his leg inside. Whole day! [Laughs]"
"Tell them, in the farmhouse - we have prepared dinner for you. You have to come. If you don't, then, some poet will come and eat it."
"'Where there's no Ravi there you can find a poet.' [Laughs]"
"People get angry at times. But you should not attack anyone when mad. People will say Ravi is attacking. [Laughs]"
"Mr Ravi, don't say no to anyone. Else, you'll become Raveena. [Laughs]"
"Shut up! This is why we're ending the season."
"Let me talk to the guests. Go ahead. When did I say no?"
"Ravi sir. We're your biggest fan."
"Mr Ravi, I would like to tell you something."
"Father, I have one. Can I?"
"What you said here. 'Ravivaar' and Raveena. What are you saying? He's right. You made Ravi into 'Ravivaar'. That's okay, but you changed their gender. Nonsense."
"How much did you buy from Sanju? What is it, Father? Tamma. [Laughs]"
"Anil sir, is helpful. I have seen it and let me tell you. A woman was getting wet in the rain. He went and he put a jacket on her. [Claps] And he adjusted to get himself inside too. [Laughs]"
"He knows about our show, but she's coming for the first time. Both those beautiful ladies, what will they think about us?"
"And Ms Tillotama. How are you?"
"Friends... One minute. I have seen a lot of heroes in my life."
"No. I appreciate you, Father."
"I have seen a lot of heroes in my life. But I have never seen a hero like Aditya. What a helpful nature!"
"They were kissing. Who kisses a jacket? Not the jacket. He was kissing the girl. And I'm trying to cover the topic here. And you're openly saying that they were kissing. Aren't you ashamed?"
"This is not a normal watch. This is Anil Kapoor's kind of watch. Mr. India watch. Father, should I press this and become invisible?"
"He insisted that he wanted Mr. India to watch. I just bought this from Andheri station."
"Sorry. I didn't understand what you were saying. I'm learning. Slowly, I am learning."
"I'll tell you, whenever I learn something new, my father gives me a gift. A few days ago, I learned how to make tea. My father gifted me this watch."
"Anil sir, if he asks you if he disappeared, saying yes. Please, he's a kid. Come on. Come on."
"Okay, are you ready? I am turning invisible."
Oh... The banana is flying. Wow. Just like Mr. India, the banana is flying."
"If I was to go invisible then I wouldn't have gone to Mr. Ravi. I would have gone to Ms. Shobita too. I know everything."
"You hurt my heart, Father. You have hurt me, father. You have hurt me. I was jumping. I became a joke."
"Really? When I was a kid, why didn't you help me? Father, I wasn't there back then."
"Father, wasn't I invisible? How did you know I was close to Ms. Shobita?"
"You are my son."
"I will, Father. - Do you want to go to the forest? - I will, father. - Will you catch a tiger? - I will, father."
"Don't cry, son. I am your father. I love you. And I love you so much. You know, when you were a kid, I used to help you bathe. Someone always helps kids."
"Yeah, you weren't there! Your small father is taking a bath, what if I slip on the soap and fall? Who would be responsible if something had happened to me?"
"But you could have come to that bathroom!"
"No, he becomes a magnificent gorilla. He'll show you."
"Anil, you go to the gym regularly. He will become a gym machine."
"Now, especially for the beautiful ladies. Now, he will turn into a penguin for you all."
"Father, I wasn't there. Yeah, you weren't there."
"My son, I love you. It's okay. It happens."
"Very nice! A lot of guests are here."
"Wow! Very nice. Hey, what are you doing? Dad, I'm increasing the weight."
"Thank you. We had great fun having you at the finale."
"Do you want to write a book now?"
"Today?" [laughs]
"Thank you. And the second part to your series has released. We hope that there are more parts."
"Sometimes, it doesn't happen like that. We get stuck in places that we must not be."
"You are speaking so well. I was telling Tillotama that you're a Bengali but your Hindi is so good."
"That day, I felt like there's something that I can surely do."
"It was many years ago. More than 40 years."
"No, this is a lie. Uh, sometimes, certain actors exaggerate a bit. So that, they land 2-3 interviews."
"Monsoon is here, and your car is moving. If you see a hot Samosa stall nearby – then do you stop yourself?"
"Or does the Archana Puran Singh in you dominate and... Oh, sorry."
"Archana, after the pack up, all the food under your counter, please clear it."
"Mr Shashi Kapoor was the chief guest. Okay. And his contribution to my career has been immense."
"Shashi Kapoor. So, he was the chief guest and I had very few dialogues."
"He felt that I'm acting well and I won the best actor trophy."
"Yes, I've been on diet for the last six years."
"Archana has lost weight. - She's looking beautiful."
"Archana is very beautiful."
"Like indoor plants, she is my indoor wife. I don't accept her in public."
"I would like to go to the mountain and you can go to hell."
"He speaks in an accent in front of the heroines. At home, he talks like a bus conductor."
"She used to live at a bus stop. And the entire family slept under the bus. They had to wake up at 5 AM because their home left at 5:15."
"And the bus left for Nashik."
"He just talks rubbish. He never takes me out."
"Well, I came to ask you where you'd like to go, beach or mountains?"
"No, we will go together. I just won a lottery. And two people can go on a trip together."
"Give me the tickets. - Is it for two people?"
"Last month, we went to see brides for my brother. I asked him to come and help as a brother-in-law. - He didn't come there as well."
"My decision turned out so bad."
"If you don't go to the parlour for 3 days, you start looking like Ravi Behl."
"She looks more of a husband than I do."
"You both look cheap for sure."
"We did 'One Two Ka Nine.' How is that? I'm one, she's two. And we gave birth to nine kids."
"When will you change? Is it possible to change?"
"Is it possible for you to look pretty?"
"Please give me that watch. I want them to disappear out of my life."
What help can I offer?"
"Yesterday, my friend had come and he appreciated her red sari so much that I can't even begin to say."
"She was looking great in a red sari. What's the big deal?"
"Today, I'm his Radha. That is, Madhuri Dixit. And I'm her Lakhan. That is, Anil Kapoor."
"Sir, sorry, my parents are always up to some drama."
"Anil, greetings! Anil, you acted in 'One Two Ka Four.
"Who borrows from their son-in-law, Dad?"
"We feel that this season is coming to an end because of you."
"Otherwise, he was flirting well with all the heroines."
"There are so many leopards in the Film City. But nobody eats them."
"You had no other job. And you are operating major banks!"
"Be happy that our son-in-law worked hard and accomplished so much. Otherwise, you would've been making Kulchas in Amritsar."
"Hello, you have only seen it and know its name. You have never tasted it, either. Acting smart."
"We will borrow 5 lakhs from him and disappear."
"They've been married for two years and we had three kids by then."
"Since this season is going to be over, what will you do with all these things?"
"Let's take it for dinner."
"The new season of your series has come out. Similarly, the new season of India's Got Talent is coming on Sony TV."
"No matter what, whether it's a break or a power outage, don't leave the seat."
"Because there is somebody out here who is going to be free from today?"
"If there's already someone sitting, she is willing to sit on top of him as well."
"Did somebody call you saying that he's your aunt's son from Amritsar? He can touch his nose with his tongue, take him as well."
"You know Kiran, she won't refuse you."
"Arjun, welcome to our show."
"You are hosting IGT. I want to give you some tips."
"Arjun, the new talents which you found in IGT, please bring them to our stage."
"First, I want to share with all of you that this year's talent is level up by last year's talent."
"When I went to Delhi, they did a wonderful job by flying drones at night."
"Who will you make disappear? Sir, let's start with you."
"From me? How can I make you disappear?"
"I think the talent in India is not the best talent in India, it's the best talent in the world."
"This has been proven by Manuraj and Divyansh, who are our winners of the last season."
"Today, for you guys, I am going to do something mind-blowing with your imagination."
"I have two phones with me. One on my right hand and the other on my left hand. Pick anyone."
"Kapil, put your hand forward. Put your second hand on top of it. Clearly."
"If this trick goes wrong, then it's Anil's fault because he is the one to imagine."
"Anil, please take these coins."
"Anil has one coin - and Kapil has the phone."
"The phone and the coin will be connected. What happens with the coin will also happen with the phone."
"If you see this, the metal of the coin has disappeared. The coin has become transparent."
"Kapil, do you feel the phone in your hand?"
"The phone's camera and phone have both disappeared."
"Let me show the cards to the audience."
"Please. You can also write down your ATM PIN. [laughs] Will you do comedy? [laughs]"
"All the cards are different. - Sir, you can see as well. All the cards are different."
"I kept a box here at the start. I have pasted something on the back of the box."
"You choose the Four of Hearts. This trick is very dangerous."
"This has become a valuable card now."
"If I do like this, then the card of Aditya jumps on top."
"Here are four hearts. You can lift half of the cards. Your card goes in the middle."
"His card has come on the top in his hand."
"Oh! Wow! Amazing, bro. Too good!"
"As it is the new season, we need to show something new."
"I want you to imagine that your name is written in here."
"Oh! Wow! Your signed card is here. And the Joker is over there."
"I think it has not disappeared."
"My phone has become special now."
"Half of the men want to know how to make wives disappear."
"I just got married, don’t say this."
"Can I come and try something with you? Yes, okay. Try something."
"Ma'am, you are an amazing actress."
"Check the top card."
"I am going to take a random card."
"Kapil, there's just one four of hearts which has been signed by Aditya and the other is a Joker. Say one among the two? Four or Joker?"
"They’ve both become jokers. Turn them."
"Anil, I gave you the phone."
"Can I take it back?"
"If I unlock my phone, then there's a card in it."
"It’s not real. But look."
"What? Even this is a four of hearts."
"But I don’t know - how your name is written on it."
"Wow! Normally, I give this card away."
"But I’m going to keep it."
"So, I will try to read your expressions somehow."
"So, I have a book. Look at it."
"The pages are different. I’ll show it to you."
"Amazing, bro! Superb! How did you do that?"
"I'll be out of my job if I tell you."
"But that's amazing."
"The pages are different."
"We will do something impossible."
"I'll give you a pencil, ma'am."
"I will go to the stage and everybody will see that I've closed my eyes."
"You can open the book randomly and to make it difficult think of a big word."
"And underline it."
"Put the pencil there and close the book."
"You won't show this book to anyone."
"And nobody will ask you for it."
"I'll go over there, ma'am. Okay?"
"Ma'am, when you're done, just let me know."
"Close the book."
"You have a word on your mind."
"This time, please help me out."
"Imagine the word on your mind over here."
"Okay. Visualize your word written here."
"And I can literally see it in your eyes."
"I think I got something."
"I have another marker."
"Ma'am, close your eyes for a moment."
"I just got this."
"Say the first letter loudly."
"C."
"Wow."
"Okay. But I think I have an idea, ma'am."
"I think it's something that you like. But don't say anything. Just keep on thinking about it."
"Okay. So, I think this is the word."
"She took a book, randomly opened it."
"And I think this is the word in her mind."
"Can everybody see it? Just say yes, if you can."
"At this hour, she won't think about this."
"Ma'am, for the very first time, in your loudest voice, what is the word you're thinking of?"
"Cappuccino."
"Give her a big round of applause."
"From France? When did you get the time to step out of Film City and fly to France?"
"F for Film City! F for France! Okay! Wow! What a brilliant and meaningless answer!"
"What does he even know?"
"In general, the ladies are stressed of what is to be made for dinner."
"A middle-class man faces the issue of cooking gas whereas the rich class suffers from issues like stomach gas."
"One keeps wondering how will he manage the food and the other wonders how will he digest his food?"
"He recollects everyone from Sunita to Babita."
"He starts wondering what his wife must have found. Should he go home or meet with an accident?"
"She wouldn't question him till he is admitted to the hospital."
"Or he plans to act as if he is having chest pains. - 'I am having chest pains.'"
"You look lovely, Archana ma'am."
"I have noticed that everybody in this world is stressed."
"Yes! From a rich person to somebody poor! Everybody is stressed."
"The process starts from childhood itself when we ask our children what do they want to become when they grow up."
"And the child replies by saying that he wants to become a father."
"They pressurise the child to the extent that he doesn't even grow up."
"Oh yes! Das uncle is stressed because it's already late to make a drink."
"He starts feeling chest pain for real."
"I must say, the names that I have been called by and the way my name has been smashed is shocking."
"In one of the shows that I went to, they announced saying that Mr. Gol Gopal is among us."
"I agree that I have a round head!"
What were you talking about on the phone?"
"I wanted to inform you that my mother is coming."
"All I am trying to say that all of us are stressed and we need motivation."
"And tonight we have three motivational speakers who are followed by lakhs of people."
"With a big round of applause, I would like to welcome, the lifestyle coach, author and motivational speaker, Shri Gaur Gopal Das!"
"Welcome! A big round of applause!"
"A warm welcome, sir! And thank you for accepting our invitation."
"But I am confused today, sir. I don't understand - how do I address you?"
"Firstly, I would like to thank you... and your production company for inviting me here on The Kapil Sharma Show."
"He entertains everyone. He has taken up the responsibility of reducing the sadness in this world."
"You entertain everyone as well."
"I try to."
"You can call me from any name that you like. The name doesn't matter when you call somebody with love."
"Absolutely right!"
"I went to America and they announced, 'So, we have amongst all of us, Gold Gopal Das!' This was manageable! Gol and Gold were still bearable!"
"I went to another show in Mumbai. They announced in Marathi saying, 'Today we have among us Gaud Gopal Das!' That was fine as jaggery is sweet!"
"Let me tell you the worst one. 'We have Ghor Gopal Das among us today.' I am not terrible at least!"
"Normally, film stars come to our show. The production asks if they should order burgers, pizzas and others. Today, they are offering me fruits and milk."
"Seriously! You are going to face problems in your life."
"When the person who teaches the world not to be attached wakes up in the morning... Do you check if your followers have increased on Instagram overnight?"
"Because Archana ma'am checks her followers everyday."
"Amazing, sir! Do you know, I was confused and so was the production house, about how to address sir?"
"Sir, now that you are on our show, do you agree that it's important to laugh?"
"Absolutely! Laughing is 100 per cent important!"
"Because our lives are full of sorrows. How many people are facing troubles in their life? Everybody!"
"Life does give us pain sometimes."
"We don't even feel the pain of being burnt after we die."
"I have noticed that sir has 55 lakh followers on Instagram excluding the other social media platforms, sir."
"My question is... Yes."
"He is such a liar! She must be slyly checking on her phone right now as well."
"The liar is always punished! This liar will be punished!"
"Mr. Navjot Singh Sidhu was replaced because of Dinesh and not her. Is this false as well?"
"If you wish to fast in 2023 then you should spend a day without a smartphone, without Instagram, without WhatsApp, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Snapchat, Google - Tinder!"
"Just one day! Fasting like this for one day! God will come to earth and appreciate you!"
"Kapil, I just promote our show. Yes, promotion as if you have 40 million followers."
"Don't be so arrogant, Kapil."
"When was I arrogant? Did I ever say I have 44 million followers?"
"How many of you have done religious fasting ever? Has anybody done Roza?"
"Has anyone fasted on Janmashtami or Navratri?"
"Did anybody follow Paryushan?"
"Instagram has become so ingrained in our lives that man is now owned by Instagram."
"Young kids definitely use it, but many adults can't seem to get enough of it."
"During the shooting, whenever we take a break, madam comes in with her phone in hand."
"Yes, tell me, how's it going?"
"Sir said this quote, 'When people smile, it doesn't mean...'"
"Sir, do you think this is in a person's control? Can we decide to just be happy? Or is it in the wife's hands? Or maybe the boss or the girlfriend."
"Once someone texted me on August 15... 'Happy Independence Day.'"
"Kapil is using all his liberty today."
"If we put the responsibility of our happiness on someone else's shoulder, then we'll be sad our entire lives."
"The more we can take control of our emotions, and see it as our responsibility, the more we can be happy."
"Do not give the remote control of your emotions in the hands of other people."
"Try getting it back to yourself slowly."
"I saw one of sir's videos where he was talking about girlfriend and boyfriend."
"He even sang the song 'Tum Itna Jo Muskura Rahi Ho.'"
"Forgive me, sir, did you have that experience as a student?"
"He thought he has found his mark in this innocent, bald, saintly man."
"When not even 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' can pacify them, even 'Channa Mereya' can't help them, where will they go? Gaur Gopal Das it is!"
"Just because he landed sour grapes doesn't mean all the grapes are sour."
"He was moderately drunk. So he understood that she's a nice girl, fits well with him. But what does she think about his parents?"
"I did study electrical engineering in college."
"And when I finished college, then I fell in love with what I am doing now."
"In today's time, whoever falls in love, whoever has their heart broken, they come to me."
"He came to me. It was a ten year relationship."
"He just lay his head on my lap and start sobbing."
"I told him to cool down."
"He then recited a couplet for me."
"Why do I never see these people?"
"Why are people so afraid of people?"
"My mother used to say to me, 'You aren't married yet, what will people say?' Those people didn't even attend the wedding."
"If you keep thinking about what they are thinking, then what will they think? Leave some for them to think about."
"All those opinions and advice that people have, all their comments and such, it's all noise."
"I never fell in love with anyone. But solving all these love problems has now made me a love coach."
"You have a voice inside you."
"There's nothing wrong in asking for advice when it's backed by truth."
"People will always have something to say. No matter what you do."
"Ignore it, lest the night should pass in these meaningless things."
"Whatever 'fun' they talk about, am I Kapil Sharma to do that?"
"It is said that when a man hits a violent roadblock in his life, he turns to spirituality."
"Back in our time, we only had three options. You could be an engineer, a doctor or a failure."
"A guy was filling out his MBA course form outside an MBA college. He asked the watchman about the college. The watchman told him it's really good since he also got his MBA here."
"In a quest to hear everyone out, do not forget your voice."
"You need to search for yourself what you want to do, rather than getting their opinions on it."
"Listen to your own voice."
"When you don't get a job or a girlfriend, something must've gone wrong."
"After engineering, everyone wants to make their career."
"Drowning in the sea is a destiny as old as time, feel sorry for those who get stranded on the coasts."
"Many of the youngsters here will love the idea of leaving their mainstream careers and following their passions."
"I did not know what would happen next. I just took the leap."
"If I have to spend so many hours, I won't spend them doing that which doesn't touch my soul."
"Your heart has to be in it."
"Not everybody has that luxury, Gaur sir. To not choose office and follow their hearts."
"Do not leave your mainstream careers right away."
"I was mad and I took the risk."
"Love is blind. Marriage is the eye-opener."
"She wanted to deliver sermons. I said you need followers for that. She said she found one. Her husband Parmeet Sethi."
"She's not your follower. There's a difference between servant and follower."
"I took that leap of faith."
"It should be a calculated risk. Earn your money from the mainstream. Side by side, keep your passion alive."
"Do a little bit of it every day. Do it as a hobby."
"Maybe one day it might get fully developed and you might pursue it as your main career."
"It's a balanced approach."
"If you're a human, you will feel emotions."
"Getting angry is not that big of a problem, but saying bad things while you're angry is a much bigger problem."
"I have learnt a very, very important word from my Guru. The word is 'wait'."
"Just stay quiet for now."
"The only time the wall will budge is when you're tipsy."
"I told him, 'Look, I've never tasted alcohol. I don't drink. So I'll go with milk.'"
"You may say things you'll regret. And then you'll sit there at the end of the day, feeling that regret."
"Anger, guilt. Anger, guilt."
"Even I get angry. But I take my time before I react. I wait."
"That wait has saved many relationships."
"Look, always make two sections in your mind. One section is about what you can control. And the other is about what you can't control."
"If it's in your hands, you should worry about it. Only then the problem will be solved."
"But if it's not in your control, worrying about it will ruin your physical health, your mental health, your peace, your relationships."
"What isn't in our control, trying to change it is like banging your head on the wall. The wall won't budge, but your head will hurt."
"For tension, every day worries have a reason behind it."
"He said if you drink 15 litres of milk, and kick the wall. Will it budge? No. Now drink 200 ml of neat vodka. Just stand there and watch the wall dance."
"I will drop my glass. And if I forget where the bottle is..."
"You could have bought onions for Rs. 950 instead. You could have made something delicious."
"She is my problem."
"If my hands tremble, what will happen at the most? I will drop my glass."
"And if I forget where the bottle is..."
"You could have bought onions for Rs. 950 instead. You could have made something delicious."
"Some walls won't budge even if you try to bring them down."
"We should focus on what we can control and try to change it."
"That reminds me, there was a drunkard. He dreamt of God."
"I don't want to lose my memory."
"I am so happy to meet you."
"She is my problem."
"I am your wife, and not a problem."
"Husbands were told, this too shall pass. Not to worry!"
"I could have spared myself if I had any idea about the future."
"I used to do that even before I got married."
"I did that because your relatives took all the food away."
"I asked them to change their clothes. But instead, they swapped clothes."
"Parents who? Whose parents?"
"But they don't rise before 2 pm."
"History is proof that wives taught their husbands to behave like humans."
"Did you try going back to your parents?"
"A woman has to leave her parents and her family behind and goes to her husband's house."
"Sir, my parents watch your videos nowadays."
"Their thought process has changed."
"But they don't change their clothes."
"The both of us have risen above relationships."
"They wake up when the pressure cooker goes off! 'The food is ready. Time to wake up.'"
"You have made plenty of mistakes. One of them is here, and the rest of them are inside."
"We want to do penance. We have made some mistakes in life."
"Go to two separate mountains. If you go to the same mountain, you will repeat your mistake."
"They are looking for a way to stay for free."
"Paneer won't stay fresh till tomorrow. Did you see how they are?"
"We've cancelled the plan. Let's go! The drama is over."
"Your body demands food and sleep. Our soul is looking for peace."
"That makes me feel at peace."
"It is but human for humans to make mistakes."
"But accepting your mistakes is the most courageous action."
"I want to save myself from my children."
"Why don't you and I go on a dinner date?"
"Friends, it's time to call on stage, the second guest for tonight."
"He is an influencer, an international motivational speaker, a leadership consultant, a business coach, and a corporate trainer."
"In the race of life, make sure that your gaining weight doesn't tend to weigh you down."
"You tend to complete a task that takes an hour within 40 minutes when you are fit."
"Someone said you need Aadhar to live in India and a loan to escape from India!"
"Vivek's skills can motivate anybody! He was motivating the guard outside our studio by telling him that he can make it too. Don't just sit idle. Get up and run! He ran and his salary got cut!"
"Jack of all trades, Master of none."
"There should be only one focus and mine is business coaching."
"I am proud to say that we have built a pride for India by creating the World's Best Entrepreneurial channel."
"We have earned 11 World Records in the Guinness Book of World Records."
"Health is an important factor for that."
"Congratulations!"
"It's very important!"
"You have to stay alert, be able to engage with them and be able to involve them."
"In the world of comedy, if there has been someone so relevant for a long time after Mr. Bachchan, then that has to be you."
"Mr. Sonu Nigam can be appreciated for singing the same song again. But you cannot repeat the content in comedy over and over again. - It's a big deal."
"He is the record holder of 11 world records, as he said!"
"Congratulations, sir."
"I would like you to tell us about the categories of the 11 world records."
"During the time of Covid, when people were in their homes and under lockdown, we were trying to help people with their business in tough times."
"We conducted webinars on Zoom."
"We were expecting less than 10 thousand people to register."
"The registration for the webinar had crossed our expectations."
"So we attempted for the Guinness World Record."
"Russia had the World Record of 11 thousand people."
"26 lakh people registered for that webinar."
"I conducted another webinar in the lockdown on how to improve your sales."
"I found out that China had the World record of the biggest webinar for sales."
"On attempting, 35 lakh people registered for the webinar on Zoom."
"After uploading it on YouTube, the webinar on how to increase sales became very popular."
"Then I made webinars on HR, finance, sales, operations, marketing, leadership, and other subjects."
"I strived to find ways to give free content to people."
"I would like to congratulate you for the content you give as it is very difficult to give unique content each time."
"And you always deliver unique content."
"Thank you for everything you said and for your love."
"It's time to welcome our next guest on stage."
"He is famous for teaching kids in a unique way!"
"With a round of applause, please welcome, a teacher and a motivational speaker, Mr. Khan Sir."
"The pace at which your subscriptions have increased after the lockdown has left the subscriptions on OTT platforms far behind."
"For a teacher, what matters more than his name is for his students to glorify the name of the Nation. That goal is more important to me."
"My name does not matter."
"Khan Sir's educational channel on YouTube has one crore 70 lakh followers."
"The numbers have increased. They are one crore 90 lahks now."
"There were 30 thousand followers before lockdown, Sir."
"How did this happen, Khan Sir?"
"We used to physically go to a class to teach before the lockdown."
"The class used to be full and the children could not study."
"We did not have an option except for teaching on YouTube after lockdown."
"And even we have no idea why people kept subscribing in such numbers."
"Because we have been teaching the same way as before."
"Our aim was that the children should not have any doubts unsolved."
"We would sit on the last benches and we had admitted that the frontbenchers are studious."
"We are hopeless. And the parents expected us to pass somehow."
"Later on, we realised that it was the teacher's fault and we were blamed."
"If teaching is made so simple, for example, in my childhood, I used to enjoy reading history."
"When I grew up, I realised that I was interested in history but more as a story."
"Now, I even enjoy writing. In the future, you might chance upon it."
"I love writing."
"Now, I realise that I enjoyed it because it had a story."
"But they forced us to memorise it instead."
"Your style of teaching is amazing."
"I wish it were present in our times."
"There would've been exposure to great teachers on YouTube."
"Our teachers were great too."
"I've watched your videos, Mr Khan. It's so detailed. Even for an unknown subject."
"People won't believe it but I know it. [laughs] Assassination is spelt as ass which is a donkey, another ass on it and then 'i' on top of it, and the entire nation on me."
"We couldn't remember who invented the radio. The radio isn't working Hit it with your elbow. Marconi invented it."
"You will remember Marconi now. Make it so visual."
"If your videos are followed it creates so much interest because we were all taught by teachers. And we've had nice teachers too."
"But you're certainly special to be able to make every subject interesting."
"The talent here is to be able to give a visual training to the teachers."
"As Kapil mentioned, stories."
"Who knows the spelling of assassination?"
"The more you make education visual and make it easier."
"As you said earlier, we explain things so well."
"For that half an hour's class, we prepare for a week."
"It depends on our level of satisfaction."
"Some topics take two months. Unless we're satisfied, we don't share it."
"There's a saying that the world knows my achievements and not the hard work behind it."
"In our student life, we were lagging so behind that we were afraid of ourselves."
"Where am I? Is there any scope for improvement or not?"
"But I always wanted to learn."
"Before making a film, a director practices for months."
"After two years of hard work, a movie is made."
"Experience teaches you what could crop up as a doubt."
"Another advantage of learning from you is that..."
"I have been beaten up a lot."
"I couldn't ask the teacher a question."
"If I ever asked him how far the sun is. He would ask me if I want to go there."
"They won't try to befriend the kid."
"A lot has changed now."
"Kids don't get beaten up anymore."
"Our students don't fight with us because there's no need to."
"The subject matter is cleared at once."
"When your wife asks you how she's looking after dressing up, do you answer it within five seconds?"
"In every house, it is very common to hear that the wife is sticking around because of the kid, or else she would've left."
"Mr Khan doesn't answer personal questions."
"When people listen to motivational speakers a lot, they get confused."
"Someone asks you to dream big. Buy a car. Build a bank balance. Someone asks you not to have desires as they're the root cause of sorrow."
"Doctors mean nothing to my mother. My mom's friend sitting next to her if she gives her an advise on diabetes then she will blindly follow it."
"I've seen that even Raveena Tandon follows you."
"Your face has a smile the moment I mentioned her."
"I've heard that Vivek gives business-related solutions within five seconds."
"You must never say it."
"Women are not less than men."
"You're still unmarried, Khan."
"You're so popular. Your sense of humour is so good."
"I'm sure you get a lot of proposals."
"Mr Khan doesn't answer personal questions."
"Listen to everyone and do as you wish."
"As you truly feel."
"Because what we hear is not processed by our minds."
"When we don't process others' advice and try to follow it, it's called blind faith."
"Process it and focus on what your heart resonates."
"Then act upon it."
"I wanted to ask Khan Sir. You had an episode on trains."
"Why do trains work like this?"
"It's history. There is a connection here for the compartments."
"She will find out - and then start her channel."
"The workers know more than us. I ask them how it works and try to find out myself because I can deliver it better then."
"Sometimes, I go to the yard to find out."
"How can there be a uniform test? The fish will kill itself because it will never pass."
"A father once slapped his kid so hard that the neighbour asked him what's the matter. He said that his results are due tomorrow. So, why are you slapping him today?"
"So, why are you slapping him today? I'll be out of town tomorrow. So, I'm getting my work done."
"Has any parent ever said that you're the reason for their child's demotion?"
"You can find some information directly."
"Otherwise, you can ask on the spot."
"It was very interesting."
"On your recommendation, I'll make it."
"According to me, you must not pressurise kids."
"At the same time, we must ensure what Albert Einstein said."
"If there's a rabbit, a monkey, a deer, a lion, and a fish. Make them stand in a queue."
"Put them through a test. Ask them to climb the tree."
"The education system has become all about the grades and subjects, which is important."
"While doing it, children's passion or interest must be encouraged."
"If you don't cater to your child's competence then they will continue failing and getting slapped."
"Vivek believes that if kids score more than 95 per cent that's bad too."
"Kids scoring between 75 and 85 per cent tend to become more successful."
"Education in schools is a classroom-based, conceptual, theoretical approach."
"Cows don't give milk. We have to milk them."
"Beyond fear lies... Victory! - No, there's no victory. There's pain beyond fear."
"Spread your legs as far as the blanket can cover. Why should I? I will bring a bigger blanket. I can put my feet out and move on."
"What does a child need?"
"Subjects in which the score is three out of ten, instead of focusing on that, focus on subjects where the score is above 7."
"So that the child can specialise in it."
"For the sake of 95 or 85 per cent, the child doesn't have an overall development."
"Because of these old patterns, our children aren't developing."
"I always tell people to allow their child to pursue their interest and skills in demand."
"When this happens, the child becomes successful and a tough competition for everyone."
"It's necessary to break these old patterns."
"Success is not easy to find. You have to search for it."
"In life, you have to lose to gain something. Would you agree with me?"
"You have to do something to gain something and not lose."
"These are our old patterns."
"If you persist, you emerge victorious."
"The problem is that our patterns are deep-rooted."
"We've got to break those patterns."
"Move on, develop better beliefs and stay in good company."
"If your patterns change, things will change."
"Apart from educational videos, some important issues or national issues he makes videos on current affairs too."
"I charge minimal fees very nominal. If a child wants to study I charge them 200 rupees for the entire subject."
"The others didn't like it."
"It's the same thing." (Said in response to lowering the UPSC exam fees)
"Sometimes, I don't even feel like charging them."
"A boy who had come for admission, his scooty was blown off. He was here to study but his scooty got blown off." (Sarcasm about the situation)
"Being poor is not a crime. Education has to be accessible."
"I decided that I will surely subsidise it if I get a chance."
"I brought down the fees from 2.5 lakhs to 7500 rupees."
"Despite that, we might find 7500 to be cheap."
"A girl asked me to move the evening batch to the morning. I told her that I can't transfer it for one person."
"I asked her what's the problem. She told me that she has to work as a maid in the evening."
"The issues are larger than our perception."
"A boy used to mine sand. And his mother would sell it. He paid me his fees by mining sand."
"That day, I decided that no child in India will have to suffer because of financial constraints no matter how long the academic journey is."
"His startup is bootstrapped."
"He is self-funded. He has not borrowed money from anyone yet."
"He's not using an investor's money but his own, and it's such a strong startup."
"Many people threatened me for this."
"And then they bombed. Around 7-8 bombs."
"One of them fell near me. It didn't blast." (Sarcasm about the bomb not going off)
"But there's a saying that the sun might be the hottest but it can't dry up the ocean." (Said humorously to express resilience after the bombing)
"Later, I got many threats."
"There's a reason behind reducing the fees. Everybody can't afford a fee of 2.5 lakhs."
"A handful can. Their mental level is high. But the nation's mental level remains unstable."
"When the fee is reduced, there will be more people ready to prepare if they wish to work for the country."
"The seats are limited and will be given to very few."
"But those who don't get it will get a responsible citizen. Someone who can change the country."
"We were called global teachers because people from all over the world came to learn from us."
"Hiuen Tsang and Fa-Hien came from China. Nobody visits us anymore."
"We wish to turn the clock."
"Most of the IPS and IAS officers are from Bihar."
"In matters of education, we've had many politicians."
"There are no options there."
"Bihar is a stubborn state. It aspires to get everything."
"And they strive to do it."
"After my MBA, I had decided to devote myself to God."
"For many years I lived in Vrindavan and Gurukul."
"I learnt a lot. That was my real MBA. Most Beautiful Association."
"I read the Bhagavad Gita."
"I fell in love with it."
"My teacher told me that I must connect Bhagavad Gita with business management and spread it to the world."
"Dr. Stephen Covey's book, 'The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People' said that all the 7 habits were derived from Bhagavad Gita."
"People in our country read my book, more than 3.5 million copies have been sold but they don't read Bhagavad Gita."
"I felt that I should speak on Gita and management."
"I thought it must be difficult."
"Poverty is shameless! They say, may there be death soon in a poor man's life. There won't be any money left to buy a coffin as it's spent on medicines." (Humorously making light of the harsh realities of poverty)
"What's so special about Khan sir is that those who want to study and gain knowledge, they watch his videos. There are a few... Mrs. Archana told me. When she started watching, she continued to watch your videos back to back. Because... The way you speak while teaching and the humour you add make your videos interesting." (Slight sarcastic tone, as the speaker contrasts serious educational content with humor)
"But it was my teacher's advice that you will find difficulty as long as you look for it."
"Life is similar. You will find what you look for."
"So, he said that I must focus on a solution and spread the message of Gita."
"So, I started business management programs in corporates."
"It was the first Gita motivational seminar in the history of Earth was given by Krishna."
"The first motivational speaker was Lord Krishna."
"He motivated Arjuna on the battlefield."
"Krishna demonstrated patience with his leadership skills. It inspired me."
"That discussion inspired me."
"Khan sir, I heard that you in the five-star hotel yesterday, but you went out to have 'Vada Pav' in the stall by the road."
"The thing is... You get to learn a lot."
"What you learn when you are starving and have no money is not taught in any university or college."
"There are two shortcomings in our educational system."
"Why don't you die? What are you saying, Gudiya?" (Mocking the dramatic statement made by Gudiya in a sarcastic manner)
"You started flirting the instant you came here." (Sarcasm regarding the overly enthusiastic behavior of the person)
"Imagine how smart he is!" (Sarcasm about Dr. Vivek's appearance on the show despite not having worked in any movie)
"Whenever I hear someone say 'motivate' - it feels like someone is mocking me." (Sarcastically expressing frustration with the overuse of the word "motivate")
"My grandpa was drowning in a lake. I had a rope and a tube, but I couldn't save my grandpa. Why? Because I threw a straw at him. He used to say a straw can save a drowning man." (Dark humor and sarcasm about an ineffective attempt to help)
"One is education, and the other is system."
"I love Patna too."
"I subscribe to your channel 10 times a day."
"Just tell me something. He has not worked in any movie, but he is on The Kapil Sharma Show."
"You can use any other word but motivate."
"Take 'motivate' out of your dictionary."
"It would help if you started exercising, Gudiya."
"Motivation is not a bad thing."
"My grandpa used to motivate us a lot."
"I wanted to ask something Khan sir. My uncle's son is not that great at studying. Will you help him study for his 12th grade and pass the exam?"
"You cannot complete 10th grade, and that is fine." (Sarcastic response to a situation that would normally be seen as concerning)
"But he passed away swiftly three days ago!" (Dark humor and sarcasm about a family member who didn't clear 10th grade)
"The blackboard gave birth." (Absurd and sarcastic explanation for a situation)
"She doesn't just laugh, sir. Give her some petrol and her engine will start." (Sarcastic comparison of someone's laughter to an engine starting)
"I go to a mechanic instead of a doctor when I fall sick." (Sarcasm about seeking unconventional help when unwell)
"When Purshottam is on stage, tell him that he is very handsome." (Sarcastic request for a compliment)
"I studied in a village. We didn't have schools in villages, Mrs. Archana."
"We used to sit under a tree to study."
"The teacher used to write on it." (referring to the buffalo used as a blackboard)
"I have a request, sir. I have never asked anything from you."
"I will summon him. Purshottam!" (referring to summoning someone named Purshottam for a task)
"Your brother is quite handsome. Everyone in our family is handsome. There is no need to act smart." (Sarcastic comment to someone trying to act clever)
"How will that help? Will he feed wild cats in the future? He will be their prey!" (Exaggerating the consequences of a situation sarcastically)
"You look like a goat." (Sarcastic comparison)
"HR means Hrithik Roshan." (Sarcastic misinterpretation of HR)
"Have you achieved anything? I have helped raise baby goats." (Sarcastic response to a question about achievements)
"When the baby goat went to drink buffalo milk, I stopped it." (Exaggerated story to highlight a supposed achievement)
"Will you walk 20 steps? Get lost!" (Sarcastic dismissal)
"Is this how you talk in their presence?" (Questioning someone's behavior in the presence of important people)
"Dr. Vivek knows a lot about the market." (Acknowledging someone's knowledge)
"I am from Kharghar, Navi Mumbai. I am Kavita Agarwal." (Introduction by a guest)
"My son recently got married." (Simple statement about family)
"Just lie someday! Tell her that there are fights and violence took place. See the reaction and how they enjoy it." (Sarcastic suggestion for handling a situation)
"A man who says sorry when he is not sure is wise. And a man who says sorry even when he is right is called a husband." (Sarcastic remark about husbands always apologizing)
"You better understand that you will never understand." (Sarcastic comment about a difficult-to-understand situation)
"There is a word in English. Diplomacy! Diplomacy means to live your life. And how we are with others." (Explanation of diplomacy)
"I made my life easier by apologising sometimes and by forgiving sometimes." (Advice on the importance of apologies and forgiveness)
"If your relations mend by giving in - then you should. But you should stop if you are always the person giving in." (Advice on relationships and compromise)
"The problem is that when I come home after a long day... I see my wife's swollen face." (Describing a personal situation)
"Do you wish to understand? Yes! Then you better understand that you will never understand." (A response to someone trying to understand their partner's situation)
"In earlier times, a boy would propose a girl in a spiritual language. He would tell the girl, 'You are the soul of my body.' It would be spiritual and sentimental. The dialogue has changed in the year 2023! He says, 'You are the SIM card to my smartphone.' And the girl says, 'I pray to God that your smartphone should not be dual-SIM.'" (Sarcastic comment on how relationship language has changed over time.)
"We don't know about your personal matter. All of them are scared of commenting. No! We will not answer this question." (Sarcastic remark about avoiding answering personal questions.)
"There can be misunderstandings in a relationship. It is very important to sit down and discuss to clear the misunderstandings." (Advice on handling relationship misunderstandings.)
"We are understanding each other. Isn't it working? You have spent all these years and you will spend the rest of your life." (Reflection on a long-lasting relationship built on understanding.)
"We felt immense happiness after unfurling our National Flag at the peak of Mount Everest. We were climbing the peak because we wanted to give a message to our Nation that we daughters can do a lot of things if we want to." (Inspirational statement about daughters achieving great feats.)
"Those who have come here with a valid pass, a very warm welcome to you all."
And to those who managed to get in through some 'jugaad' without any prior connection, I salute you—you are the pride of the nation!"
As for those who entered without any pass, I’m going to request Modi Ji to approve their pension—you all are amazing!"
When a husband and wife get two passes, but then they bring a 12-year-old child along?"
Well, this one is only 6 years old; let him in. He just came along like that.
I asked, 'There are two passes, so how did three of you come?'"
"She replied, 'I’m not talking about passes; he just came into this world like that, no planning at all.'"
"Actually, once there was a strike at my husband’s office, so he came home early, and then, well, this one came along too."
"Let it go, brother, let us in."
"Whenever there's any movement or protest happening in any part of the country, everyone has just one thing to say: 'Let's go to Delhi.'"
"I don't understand—why do they come to Delhi to make their point to?"
Modi Sahib is already busy as it is."
That leaves the Governor Sahib and Kejriwal Sahib, and they don't even listen to each other.
So, who exactly are they here to talk to?"
"Since the Aam Aadmi Party formed the government in Delhi, everyone goes to the Chief Minister with all kinds of strange requests."
"The other day, a man went and said, 'Sir, just like you reduced the electricity bills by half, please reduce my wife's expenses by half too.'"
"In response, the CM jokingly said, 'Oh, I became the Chief Minister because of my wife's expenses; otherwise, I used to get free juice during protests with Anna Hazare!'"
We don't check the weather report for Delhi, we just watch the news."
If the Chief Minister wears a muffler, it means it's winter."
"And sometimes they even confuse us by wearing it in March or April while going out."
Brother, who is playing the drum, your payment will be processed, no need for so much excitement."
"Those moments when time passes with a smile are special; they make you feel the love without saying a word."
"Though I have a home in many places, Delhi feels like my home. Here, I feel the essence of heaven."
"So, in Delhi, Sidhu Paaji feels like he's in heaven."
"Bhabhi is in Amritsar, so who is with you that makes you feel the essence of heaven?"
"Has it ever happened that Bhabhi has asked, 'Sherry, please make me a cup of tea
No please she just say..Sherry a cup of tea for me . It's not a request it's an order
You are my temple, and you are my worship; you are a lioness, and I am a scared mouse."
"So, what this means is that you have already surrendered your weapons in front of Bhabhi."
"This is Ali Azgar and he is a man, trust me."
"By God's grace, I am a complete man, but due to the creativity of some men, I have to keep becoming a woman."
"This is the man who dresses me in women's clothes."
I don't know what problem you have with my masculinity."
Actually, nowadays, Ali Bhai has really gotten used to it."
You know, his wife called me last week and   she told me, please start the show quickly, ali is  wearing my nighty, and at night, he told the kids that he is their real mother.'"
"Kiku Bhai is such a revolutionary that he even went to jail for the sake of comedy. What did you do?"
"Please, let it go, sir. Forgive me."
"You must have said that later. What did you do first?"
"This is the multi-gender artist, Mr. Sunil Grover. They say behind every successful man, there's a woman, but by God's grace, the woman is within him."
"Sunil Bhai, when you step out as a man, do people recognize you?"
"What do you mean? I am a man. I do become a woman, brother."
"No, but how do you feel in men's clothes today?"
"I am feeling way lighter, it feels like the burden has been lifted off my chest. I am thankful to the whole team that this time I am coming as a gentleman."
"Actually, there is nothing special to say about her, so I just called her a fine actress."
"If there is an ordinary person in our team, it's him."
"You're taking me lightly. Kejriwal Sahib has known me since before he entered politics."
"The election symbol, the broom he holds, the idea came to him just by looking at your face.
"They have to show off but don't say that they are feeling cold."
"Later, they stand near the heater."
"This time, it's not that cold, but otherwise, the cold in Delhi can be extreme sometimes."
Some people deliberately come late, wearing beautiful sarees, just to show off that they are wearing them."
"Look, you are highly mistaken, but boys line up behind me.
"So, you should go to the ladies' toilet."
Oh, my money... I don't need it. Brother, I’m not giving , I’m asking from you.
"Aren't you ashamed, asking for money at this age? God gave you hands, go work, drive an auto..."
you came here in an auto, let’s go, pay the fare.
Wretched man, I thought you came to drop me as a human being.
The auto runs on gas, not humanity."
"Oh, get lost, don’t act frank with me."
Oh, brother, take out my money, let’s go. I don’t have money.
The village didn’t settle, the beggar came first."
Dirty:	Sir, were you waiting for your FD to mature?"
Cleaned:	sir you wait your fd mature
Dirty:	"Sir, during lockdown, I had a financial crunch."
Cleaned:	sir during lockdown i have financial crunch
Dirty:	"When everybody stopped."
Cleaned:	when everybody stopped
Dirty:	"My friends laugh at me and say that at the age of retiring, you're planning to start over."
Cleaned:	my friend laugh me and say age of retiring you plan start over
Dirty:	"The credit for this beard goes to lockdown."
Cleaned:	the credit beard go lockdown
Dirty:	"Who shaves? Let it be!
Cleaned:	who shaves let it be
Dirty:	"Thank you! Let's hear it for the entire team of 'The Night Manager'."
Cleaned:	thank you let u hear it entire team of the night manager
Dirty:	"Welcome to our show!"
Cleaned:	welcome our show
Dirty:	"I would like to tell something about Ravi. Behind this white beard and hair lies a person who told Urmila Matondkar 20 years ago..."
Cleaned:	i would like tell something about ravi behind white beard and hair lie person who tell urmila matondkar 20 year ago
Dirty:	"He has returned to acting 20 years later."
Cleaned:	he have return act 20 year later
Dirty:	"No, but to be really serious I didn't work for 10 years after 'Boogie Woogie.' "
Cleaned:	no but really serious i not work 10 year after boogie woogie 
Dirty:	"But that's how it should be. What say?"
Cleaned:	but it should be what say
Dirty:	"So, 15-20 days later, at home, my mother, brother, and sister noticed that it looks good on me."
Cleaned:	so 1520 day later home my mother brother and sister notice it look good me
Dirty:	"Seriously. They asked me to maintain this look. I maintained it and - the rest is..."
Cleaned:	seriously they ask me maintain look i maintain it and rest is
Dirty:	"When half the face got hidden, you started looking better."
Cleaned:	when half face get hidden you start look better
Dirty:	"She sounds like my sister. [laughs] Everybody has a relationship with you. She reminds me of my uncle too."
Cleaned:	she sound like my sister laughs everybody have relationship with you she remind me of my uncle too
Dirty:	"Archana, you've had a long career too. Wow! From 'Mughal-e-Azam' to this day. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	archana you have have long career too wow mughaleazam day laughs
Dirty:	"Very few people know that whenever Prithviraj Kapoor was unavailable she used to be his body double. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	very few people know whenever prithviraj kapoor unavailable she use his body double laughs
Dirty:	"I said that I can't manage acting anymore.
Cleaned:	i say i cannot manage act anymore
Dirty:	"Aditya played a prank as a night manager on people. - Yes."
Cleaned:	aditya play prank night manager people yes
Dirty:	"No, a few people didn't recognise me. They actually felt that I'm the real manager."
Cleaned:	no few people not recognise me they actually felt i real manager
Dirty:	"I made a key card for people."
Cleaned:	i make key card people
Dirty:	"I checked in a person."
Cleaned:	i check person
Dirty:	"I went two hours before, I learnt how to do the check-in and it was fun."
Cleaned:	i go two hour before i learn checkin and it fun
Dirty:	"But I met an ex-teacher. He said, 'Aditya?' 'You had become an actor.'"
Cleaned:	but i meet exteacher he said aditya you have become actor
Dirty:	"So, I need a backup. [laughs] But, sadly, she believed me. [laughs] Sadly."
Cleaned:	so i need backup laughs but sadly she believe me laughs sadly
Dirty:	"Sir, have you ever walked and noticed someone fighting on the street and you just stopped the car and had fun watching it."
Cleaned:	sir have you ever walk and notice someone fight street and you just stop car and have fun watch it
Dirty:	"Son, the song is over. Why are you still dancing? I'm not dancing, Dad."
Cleaned:	son song over why you still dancing i not dancing dad
Dirty:	"Dear, your pant is so big that even a dinosaur can get in. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	dear your pant so big even dinosaur can get in laughs
Dirty:	"I have a benefit, Anil. I wear a skirt. When an ant enters and leaves... [laughs] I never realise it. It's fun. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	i have benefit anil i wear skirt when ant enter and leaves laughs i never realise it it fun laughs
Dirty:	"Wow, Anil! I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart. You travelled so far to end our season. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	wow anil i want thank you bottom of my heart you travel so far end our season laughs
Dirty:	"No, never. I've never done that. I intervene. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	no never i have never that i intervene laughs
Dirty:	"[grunts] Hey... - What are you doing, Dad? - An ant just entered, son. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	grunts hey what you doing dad ant just entered son laughs
Dirty:	"Hello, greetings, how are you all? Greetings! Welcome to the show."
Cleaned:	hello greetings you all greetings welcome show
Dirty:	"Welcome!"
Cleaned:	welcome
Dirty:	"He is not here to end the season. He is here for 'The Night Manager.'"
Cleaned:	he not here end season he here the night manager
Dirty:	"Dear, these films and series are just excuses. Anil's main job is to end people's seasons. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	dear these film and series just excuses anils main job end peoples seasons laughs
Dirty:	"The last time you came for 'Jug Jug Jeeyo' and it was our season end too. Correct. I remember. Wow! This is our finale. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	the last time you come jug jug jeeyo and it our season end too correct i remember wow our finale laughs
Dirty:	"How 9 months fled is something that Archana never realised.""We realise it because we have to work hard in every episode. "
Cleaned:	how 9 month flee something archana never realisedwe realise it because we have work hard every episode 
Dirty:	"I'd like to give you a gentle reminder. What is it, son? We pulled it off for 9 months. You joined us 3 months back. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	i would like give you gentle reminder what it son we pull it off 9 months you join u 3 month back laughs
Dirty:	"Don't remind me of those 6 months. I know how I spent every day. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	do not remind me of those 6 months i know i spend every day laughs
Dirty:	"Yes, play it. You must do some work too. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	yes play it you must some work too laughs
Dirty:	"Kapil, I'd like to say something."
Cleaned:	kapil i would like say something
Dirty:	"Anyway, this is the last season... Yes, play it."
Cleaned:	anyway last season yes play it
Dirty:	"Hey, Dad! Dad, my lovely Dad! [laughs]"
Cleaned:	hey dad dad my lovely dad laughs
Dirty:	"Why are you calling it the last season? This is just the beginning. We will have more and more seasons."
Cleaned:	why you call it last season just beginning we have more and more seasons
Dirty:	"We will have more, right? - Yes. That's all that I wanted to know."
Cleaned:	we have more right yes all i want know
Dirty:	"Ah! Because Kapil, I've chosen a flat in Bhandup. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	ah because kapil i have choose flat bhandup laughs
Dirty:	"I worked here for 9 months, Dad. All of it. Every episode. Shut up! Sit down! Sit down! [cheering]"
Cleaned:	i work here 9 months dad all of it every episode shut up sit down sit down cheering
Dirty:	"You're taunting your father. - Just a moment, - I'll teach you a lesson."
Cleaned:	you taunt your father just moment i teach you lesson
Dirty:	"Wow, Anil! You are so fit! Don't you feel so? Tell me! When you look at Anil, don't you feel that Aditya Roy Kapur's younger brother made a debut in web series? [laughs]"
Cleaned:	wow anil you so fit not you feel so tell me when you look anil not you feel aditya roy kapurs younger brother make debut web series laughs
Dirty:	"Then tell me, Anil. Which school do you go to? [laughs]"
Cleaned:	then tell me anil which school you go to laughs
Dirty:	"Do you have something on your mind, son? - Yes, Dad. - What is it? - The flat in Bhandup."
Cleaned:	do you have something your mind son yes dad what it flat bhandup
Dirty:	"I've bought it, Dad. [laughs]"
Cleaned:	i have buy it dad laughs
Dirty:	"Dad, talk to these big stars."
Cleaned:	dad talk these big stars
Dirty:	"Yes, you're right. It's great fun! Let's hear it for these stars! Wow! Very nice! You are superstars."
Cleaned:	yes you right it great fun let u hear it these stars wow very nice you superstars
Dirty:	"There's a small star amidst them too. - What are you saying, Dad? - In terms of appearance."
Cleaned:	there small star amidst them too what you saying dad term of appearance
Dirty:	"There are some limitations to comedy. Saying believable things. saying any kind of nonsense."
Cleaned:	there some limitation comedy say believable things say any kind of nonsense
Dirty:	"What if he's a big man? He didn't install some buttons. Like, press the button, and the wiper cleans the sweat. [Laughs]"
Cleaned:	what if he big man he not install some buttons like press button and wiper clean sweat laughs
Dirty:	"Yes, but now she can't. Why? - Because there are cameras everywhere. [Laughs] People can see who is stealing things. That's why."
Cleaned:	yes but now she cannot why because there camera everywhere laughs people can see who steal things why
Dirty:	"And if you want to learn anything from Mr. Anil, learn about his fitness."
Cleaned:	and if you want learn anything mr anil learn about his fitness
Dirty:	"Oh, God. Anil sir. Comedy, one side, I am your huge fan. Really amazing."
Cleaned:	oh god anil sir comedy one side i your huge fan really amazing
Dirty:	"What a great hair. What a great skin. What great eyes. What a personality!"
Cleaned:	what great hair what great skin what great eyes what personality
Dirty:	"What are ten thousand rupees for you?"
Cleaned:	what ten thousand rupee you
Dirty:	"What is he saying? I'm asking, do you have ten thousand rupees? [Laughs]"
Cleaned:	what he saying i asking you have ten thousand rupees laughs
Dirty:	"I live in Kharghar, I have to go all the way after this. [Claps]"
Cleaned:	i live kharghar i have go all way after this claps
Dirty:	"When I see you, I remember my youth. Oh! Are you puking? [Laughs]"
Cleaned:	when i see you i remember my youth oh you puking laughs
Dirty:	"When I see you, I remember Sushma's youth."
Cleaned:	when i see you i remember sushmas youth
Dirty:	"Sushma is gone. That's why I remember her. [Laughs]"
Cleaned:	sushma gone why i remember her laughs
Dirty:	"The youth went, that's why I remember. But you won't leave. Sticking to me all day."
Cleaned:	the youth went why i remember but you not leave stick me all day
Dirty:	"Sir, I would like to say one thing."
Cleaned:	sir i would like say one thing
Dirty:	"Anil sir, I would like to say one thing. When I see you, I remember my youth."
Cleaned:	anil sir i would like say one thing when i see you i remember my youth
Dirty:	"And Aditya, what a handsome boy."
Cleaned:	and aditya what handsome boy
Dirty:	"It's good, Father. You can think of everyone but not your son."
Cleaned:	it good father you can think of everyone but not your son
Dirty:	"Anil sir, you know."
Cleaned:	anil sir you know
Dirty:	"Even shadow leaves us in a dark place. He follows me there too."
Cleaned:	even shadow leave u dark place he follow me there too
Dirty:	"I was wearing my pant in the dark yesterday. And on the other side, he already had his leg inside. Whole day! [Laughs]"
Cleaned:	i wear my pant dark yesterday and other side he already have his leg inside whole day laughs
Dirty:	"Tell them, in the farmhouse - we have prepared dinner for you. You have to come. If you don't, then, some poet will come and eat it."
Cleaned:	tell them farmhouse we have prepare dinner you you have come if you not then some poet come and eat it
Dirty:	"'Where there's no Ravi there you can find a poet.' [Laughs]"
Cleaned:	where there no ravi there you can find poet laughs
Dirty:	"People get angry at times. But you should not attack anyone when mad. People will say Ravi is attacking. [Laughs]"
Cleaned:	people get angry times but you should not attack anyone when mad people say ravi attacking laughs
Dirty:	"Mr Ravi, don't say no to anyone. Else, you'll become Raveena. [Laughs]"
Cleaned:	mr ravi not say no anyone else you become raveena laughs
Dirty:	"Shut up! This is why we're ending the season."
Cleaned:	shut up why we end season
Dirty:	"Let me talk to the guests. Go ahead. When did I say no?"
Cleaned:	let me talk guests go ahead when i say no
Dirty:	"Ravi sir. We're your biggest fan."
Cleaned:	ravi sir we your biggest fan
Dirty:	"Mr Ravi, I would like to tell you something."
Cleaned:	mr ravi i would like tell you something
Dirty:	"Father, I have one. Can I?"
Cleaned:	father i have one can i
Dirty:	"What you said here. 'Ravivaar' and Raveena. What are you saying? He's right. You made Ravi into 'Ravivaar'. That's okay, but you changed their gender. Nonsense."
Cleaned:	what you say here ravivaar and raveena what you saying he right you make ravi into ravivaar okay but you change their gender nonsense
Dirty:	"How much did you buy from Sanju? What is it, Father? Tamma. [Laughs]"
Cleaned:	how much you buy sanju what it father tamma laughs
Dirty:	"Anil sir, is helpful. I have seen it and let me tell you. A woman was getting wet in the rain. He went and he put a jacket on her. [Claps] And he adjusted to get himself inside too. [Laughs]"
Cleaned:	anil sir helpful i have see it and let me tell you woman get wet rain he go and he put jacket her claps and he adjust get himself inside too laughs
Dirty:	"He knows about our show, but she's coming for the first time. Both those beautiful ladies, what will they think about us?"
Cleaned:	he know about our show but she come first time both those beautiful ladies what they think about us
Dirty:	"And Ms Tillotama. How are you?"
Cleaned:	and m tillotama you
Dirty:	"Friends... One minute. I have seen a lot of heroes in my life."
Cleaned:	friends one minute i have see lot of hero my life
Dirty:	"No. I appreciate you, Father."
Cleaned:	no i appreciate you father
Dirty:	"I have seen a lot of heroes in my life. But I have never seen a hero like Aditya. What a helpful nature!"
Cleaned:	i have see lot of hero my life but i have never see hero like aditya what helpful nature
Dirty:	"They were kissing. Who kisses a jacket? Not the jacket. He was kissing the girl. And I'm trying to cover the topic here. And you're openly saying that they were kissing. Aren't you ashamed?"
Cleaned:	they kissing who kiss jacket not jacket he kiss girl and i try cover topic here and you openly say they kissing not you ashamed
Dirty:	"This is not a normal watch. This is Anil Kapoor's kind of watch. Mr. India watch. Father, should I press this and become invisible?"
Cleaned:	this not normal watch anil kapoors kind of watch mr india watch father should i press and become invisible
Dirty:	"He insisted that he wanted Mr. India to watch. I just bought this from Andheri station."
Cleaned:	he insist he want mr india watch i just buy andheri station
Dirty:	"Sorry. I didn't understand what you were saying. I'm learning. Slowly, I am learning."
Cleaned:	sorry i not understand what you saying i learning slowly i learning
Dirty:	"I'll tell you, whenever I learn something new, my father gives me a gift. A few days ago, I learned how to make tea. My father gifted me this watch."
Cleaned:	i tell you whenever i learn something new my father give me gift few day ago i learn make tea my father gift me watch
Dirty:	"Anil sir, if he asks you if he disappeared, saying yes. Please, he's a kid. Come on. Come on."
Cleaned:	anil sir if he ask you if he disappeared say yes please he kid come on come on
Dirty:	"Okay, are you ready? I am turning invisible."
Cleaned:	okay you ready i turn invisible
Dirty:	Oh... The banana is flying. Wow. Just like Mr. India, the banana is flying."
Cleaned:	oh banana flying wow just like mr india banana flying
Dirty:	"If I was to go invisible then I wouldn't have gone to Mr. Ravi. I would have gone to Ms. Shobita too. I know everything."
Cleaned:	if i go invisible then i would not have go mr ravi i would have go ms shobita too i know everything
Dirty:	"You hurt my heart, Father. You have hurt me, father. You have hurt me. I was jumping. I became a joke."
Cleaned:	you hurt my heart father you have hurt me father you have hurt me i jumping i become joke
Dirty:	"Really? When I was a kid, why didn't you help me? Father, I wasn't there back then."
Cleaned:	really when i kid why not you help me father i not there back then
Dirty:	"Father, wasn't I invisible? How did you know I was close to Ms. Shobita?"
Cleaned:	father not i invisible you know i close ms shobita
Dirty:	"You are my son."
Cleaned:	you my son
Dirty:	"I will, Father. - Do you want to go to the forest? - I will, father. - Will you catch a tiger? - I will, father."
Cleaned:	i will father you want go forest i will father you catch tiger i will father
Dirty:	"Don't cry, son. I am your father. I love you. And I love you so much. You know, when you were a kid, I used to help you bathe. Someone always helps kids."
Cleaned:	do not cry son i your father i love you and i love you so much you know when you kid i use help you bathe someone always help kids
Dirty:	"Yeah, you weren't there! Your small father is taking a bath, what if I slip on the soap and fall? Who would be responsible if something had happened to me?"
Cleaned:	yeah you not there your small father take bath what if i slip soap and fall who would responsible if something have happen me
Dirty:	"But you could have come to that bathroom!"
Cleaned:	but you could have come bathroom
Dirty:	"No, he becomes a magnificent gorilla. He'll show you."
Cleaned:	no he become magnificent gorilla he show you
Dirty:	"Anil, you go to the gym regularly. He will become a gym machine."
Cleaned:	anil you go gym regularly he become gym machine
Dirty:	"Now, especially for the beautiful ladies. Now, he will turn into a penguin for you all."
Cleaned:	now especially beautiful ladies now he turn into penguin you all
Dirty:	"Father, I wasn't there. Yeah, you weren't there."
Cleaned:	father i not there yeah you not there
Dirty:	"My son, I love you. It's okay. It happens."
Cleaned:	my son i love you it okay it happens
Dirty:	"Very nice! A lot of guests are here."
Cleaned:	very nice lot of guest here
Dirty:	"Wow! Very nice. Hey, what are you doing? Dad, I'm increasing the weight."
Cleaned:	wow very nice hey what you doing dad i increase weight
Dirty:	"Thank you. We had great fun having you at the finale."
Cleaned:	thank you we have great fun have you finale
Dirty:	"Do you want to write a book now?"
Cleaned:	do you want write book now
Dirty:	"Today?" [laughs]
Cleaned:	today laughs
Dirty:	"Thank you. And the second part to your series has released. We hope that there are more parts."
Cleaned:	thank you and second part your series have released we hope there more parts
Dirty:	"Sometimes, it doesn't happen like that. We get stuck in places that we must not be."
Cleaned:	sometimes it not happen like that we get stick place we must not be
Dirty:	"You are speaking so well. I was telling Tillotama that you're a Bengali but your Hindi is so good."
Cleaned:	you speak so well i tell tillotama you bengali but your hindi so good
Dirty:	"That day, I felt like there's something that I can surely do."
Cleaned:	that day i felt like there something i can surely do
Dirty:	"It was many years ago. More than 40 years."
Cleaned:	it many year ago more than 40 years
Dirty:	"No, this is a lie. Uh, sometimes, certain actors exaggerate a bit. So that, they land 2-3 interviews."
Cleaned:	no lie uh sometimes certain actor exaggerate bit so that they land 23 interviews
Dirty:	"Monsoon is here, and your car is moving. If you see a hot Samosa stall nearby – then do you stop yourself?"
Cleaned:	monsoon here and your car moving if you see hot samosa stall nearby  then you stop yourself
Dirty:	"Or does the Archana Puran Singh in you dominate and... Oh, sorry."
Cleaned:	or archana puran singh you dominate and oh sorry
Dirty:	"Archana, after the pack up, all the food under your counter, please clear it."
Cleaned:	archana after pack up all food under your counter please clear it
Dirty:	"Mr Shashi Kapoor was the chief guest. Okay. And his contribution to my career has been immense."
Cleaned:	mr shashi kapoor chief guest okay and his contribution my career have immense
Dirty:	"Shashi Kapoor. So, he was the chief guest and I had very few dialogues."
Cleaned:	shashi kapoor so he chief guest and i have very few dialogues
Dirty:	"He felt that I'm acting well and I won the best actor trophy."
Cleaned:	he felt i act well and i win best actor trophy
Dirty:	"Yes, I've been on diet for the last six years."
Cleaned:	yes i have diet last six years
Dirty:	"Archana has lost weight. - She's looking beautiful."
Cleaned:	archana have lose weight she look beautiful
Dirty:	"Archana is very beautiful."
Cleaned:	archana very beautiful
Dirty:	"Like indoor plants, she is my indoor wife. I don't accept her in public."
Cleaned:	like indoor plants she my indoor wife i not accept her public
Dirty:	"I would like to go to the mountain and you can go to hell."
Cleaned:	i would like go mountain and you can go hell
Dirty:	"He speaks in an accent in front of the heroines. At home, he talks like a bus conductor."
Cleaned:	he speak accent front of heroines home he talk like bus conductor
Dirty:	"She used to live at a bus stop. And the entire family slept under the bus. They had to wake up at 5 AM because their home left at 5:15."
Cleaned:	she use live bus stop and entire family sleep under bus they have wake up 5 because their home leave 515
Dirty:	"And the bus left for Nashik."
Cleaned:	and bus leave nashik
Dirty:	"He just talks rubbish. He never takes me out."
Cleaned:	he just talk rubbish he never take me out
Dirty:	"Well, I came to ask you where you'd like to go, beach or mountains?"
Cleaned:	well i come ask you where you would like go beach mountains
Dirty:	"No, we will go together. I just won a lottery. And two people can go on a trip together."
Cleaned:	no we go together i just win lottery and two people can go trip together
Dirty:	"Give me the tickets. - Is it for two people?"
Cleaned:	give me tickets it two people
Dirty:	"Last month, we went to see brides for my brother. I asked him to come and help as a brother-in-law. - He didn't come there as well."
Cleaned:	last month we go see bride my brother i ask him come and help brotherinlaw he not come there well
Dirty:	"My decision turned out so bad."
Cleaned:	my decision turn out so bad
Dirty:	"If you don't go to the parlour for 3 days, you start looking like Ravi Behl."
Cleaned:	if you not go parlour 3 days you start look like ravi behl
Dirty:	"She looks more of a husband than I do."
Cleaned:	she look more of husband than i do
Dirty:	"You both look cheap for sure."
Cleaned:	you both look cheap sure
Dirty:	"We did 'One Two Ka Nine.' How is that? I'm one, she's two. And we gave birth to nine kids."
Cleaned:	we one two ka nine that i one she two and we give birth nine kids
Dirty:	"When will you change? Is it possible to change?"
Cleaned:	when you change it possible change
Dirty:	"Is it possible for you to look pretty?"
Cleaned:	is it possible you look pretty
Dirty:	"Please give me that watch. I want them to disappear out of my life."
Cleaned:	please give me watch i want them disappear out of my life
Dirty:	What help can I offer?"
Cleaned:	what help can i offer
Dirty:	"Yesterday, my friend had come and he appreciated her red sari so much that I can't even begin to say."
Cleaned:	yesterday my friend have come and he appreciate her red sari so much i cannot even begin say
Dirty:	"She was looking great in a red sari. What's the big deal?"
Cleaned:	she look great red sari what big deal
Dirty:	"Today, I'm his Radha. That is, Madhuri Dixit. And I'm her Lakhan. That is, Anil Kapoor."
Cleaned:	today i his radha is madhuri dixit and i her lakhan is anil kapoor
Dirty:	"Sir, sorry, my parents are always up to some drama."
Cleaned:	sir sorry my parent always up some drama
Dirty:	"Anil, greetings! Anil, you acted in 'One Two Ka Four.
Cleaned:	anil greetings anil you act one two ka four
Dirty:	"Who borrows from their son-in-law, Dad?"
Cleaned:	who borrow their soninlaw dad
Dirty:	"We feel that this season is coming to an end because of you."
Cleaned:	we feel season come end because of you
Dirty:	"Otherwise, he was flirting well with all the heroines."
Cleaned:	otherwise he flirt well with all heroines
Dirty:	"There are so many leopards in the Film City. But nobody eats them."
Cleaned:	there so many leopard film city but nobody eat them
Dirty:	"You had no other job. And you are operating major banks!"
Cleaned:	you have no other job and you operate major banks
Dirty:	"Be happy that our son-in-law worked hard and accomplished so much. Otherwise, you would've been making Kulchas in Amritsar."
Cleaned:	be happy our soninlaw work hard and accomplish so much otherwise you would have make kulchas amritsar
Dirty:	"Hello, you have only seen it and know its name. You have never tasted it, either. Acting smart."
Cleaned:	hello you have only see it and know it name you have never taste it either act smart
Dirty:	"We will borrow 5 lakhs from him and disappear."
Cleaned:	we borrow 5 lakh him and disappear
Dirty:	"They've been married for two years and we had three kids by then."
Cleaned:	they have marry two year and we have three kid then
Dirty:	"Since this season is going to be over, what will you do with all these things?"
Cleaned:	since season go over what you with all these things
Dirty:	"Let's take it for dinner."
Cleaned:	let u take it dinner
Dirty:	"The new season of your series has come out. Similarly, the new season of India's Got Talent is coming on Sony TV."
Cleaned:	the new season of your series have come out similarly new season of indias get talent come sony tv
Dirty:	"No matter what, whether it's a break or a power outage, don't leave the seat."
Cleaned:	no matter what whether it break power outage not leave seat
Dirty:	"Because there is somebody out here who is going to be free from today?"
Cleaned:	because there somebody out here who go free today
Dirty:	"If there's already someone sitting, she is willing to sit on top of him as well."
Cleaned:	if there already someone sitting she sit top of him well
Dirty:	"Did somebody call you saying that he's your aunt's son from Amritsar? He can touch his nose with his tongue, take him as well."
Cleaned:	did somebody call you say he your aunts son amritsar he can touch his nose with his tongue take him well
Dirty:	"You know Kiran, she won't refuse you."
Cleaned:	you know kiran she not refuse you
Dirty:	"Arjun, welcome to our show."
Cleaned:	arjun welcome our show
Dirty:	"You are hosting IGT. I want to give you some tips."
Cleaned:	you host igt i want give you some tips
Dirty:	"Arjun, the new talents which you found in IGT, please bring them to our stage."
Cleaned:	arjun new talent which you find igt please bring them our stage
Dirty:	"First, I want to share with all of you that this year's talent is level up by last year's talent."
Cleaned:	first i want share with all of you years talent level up last years talent
Dirty:	"When I went to Delhi, they did a wonderful job by flying drones at night."
Cleaned:	when i go delhi they wonderful job fly drone night
Dirty:	"Who will you make disappear? Sir, let's start with you."
Cleaned:	who you make disappear sir let u start with you
Dirty:	"From me? How can I make you disappear?"
Cleaned:	from me can i make you disappear
Dirty:	"I think the talent in India is not the best talent in India, it's the best talent in the world."
Cleaned:	i think talent india not best talent india it best talent world
Dirty:	"This has been proven by Manuraj and Divyansh, who are our winners of the last season."
Cleaned:	this have prove manuraj and divyansh who our winner of last season
Dirty:	"Today, for you guys, I am going to do something mind-blowing with your imagination."
Cleaned:	today you guys i go something mindblowing with your imagination
Dirty:	"I have two phones with me. One on my right hand and the other on my left hand. Pick anyone."
Cleaned:	i have two phone with me one my right hand and other my leave hand pick anyone
Dirty:	"Kapil, put your hand forward. Put your second hand on top of it. Clearly."
Cleaned:	kapil put your hand forward put your second hand top of it clearly
Dirty:	"If this trick goes wrong, then it's Anil's fault because he is the one to imagine."
Cleaned:	if trick go wrong then it anils fault because he one imagine
Dirty:	"Anil, please take these coins."
Cleaned:	anil please take these coins
Dirty:	"Anil has one coin - and Kapil has the phone."
Cleaned:	anil have one coin and kapil have phone
Dirty:	"The phone and the coin will be connected. What happens with the coin will also happen with the phone."
Cleaned:	the phone and coin connected what happen with coin also happen with phone
Dirty:	"If you see this, the metal of the coin has disappeared. The coin has become transparent."
Cleaned:	if you see this metal of coin have disappeared coin have become transparent
Dirty:	"Kapil, do you feel the phone in your hand?"
Cleaned:	kapil you feel phone your hand
Dirty:	"The phone's camera and phone have both disappeared."
Cleaned:	the phones camera and phone have both disappeared
Dirty:	"Let me show the cards to the audience."
Cleaned:	let me show card audience
Dirty:	"Please. You can also write down your ATM PIN. [laughs] Will you do comedy? [laughs]"
Cleaned:	please you can also write down your atm pin laughs you comedy laughs
Dirty:	"All the cards are different. - Sir, you can see as well. All the cards are different."
Cleaned:	all card different sir you can see well all card different
Dirty:	"I kept a box here at the start. I have pasted something on the back of the box."
Cleaned:	i keep box here start i have paste something back of box
Dirty:	"You choose the Four of Hearts. This trick is very dangerous."
Cleaned:	you choose four of hearts trick very dangerous
Dirty:	"This has become a valuable card now."
Cleaned:	this have become valuable card now
Dirty:	"If I do like this, then the card of Aditya jumps on top."
Cleaned:	if i like this then card of aditya jump top
Dirty:	"Here are four hearts. You can lift half of the cards. Your card goes in the middle."
Cleaned:	here four hearts you can lift half of cards your card go middle
Dirty:	"His card has come on the top in his hand."
Cleaned:	his card have come top his hand
Dirty:	"Oh! Wow! Amazing, bro. Too good!"
Cleaned:	oh wow amazing bro too good
Dirty:	"As it is the new season, we need to show something new."
Cleaned:	as it new season we need show something new
Dirty:	"I want you to imagine that your name is written in here."
Cleaned:	i want you imagine your name write here
Dirty:	"Oh! Wow! Your signed card is here. And the Joker is over there."
Cleaned:	oh wow your sign card here and joker over there
Dirty:	"I think it has not disappeared."
Cleaned:	i think it have not disappeared
Dirty:	"My phone has become special now."
Cleaned:	my phone have become special now
Dirty:	"Half of the men want to know how to make wives disappear."
Cleaned:	half of men want know make wive disappear
Dirty:	"I just got married, don’t say this."
Cleaned:	i just get married not say this
Dirty:	"Can I come and try something with you? Yes, okay. Try something."
Cleaned:	can i come and try something with you yes okay try something
Dirty:	"Ma'am, you are an amazing actress."
Cleaned:	madam you amaze actress
Dirty:	"Check the top card."
Cleaned:	check top card
Dirty:	"I am going to take a random card."
Cleaned:	i go take random card
Dirty:	"Kapil, there's just one four of hearts which has been signed by Aditya and the other is a Joker. Say one among the two? Four or Joker?"
Cleaned:	kapil there just one four of heart which have sign aditya and other joker say one among two four joker
Dirty:	"They’ve both become jokers. Turn them."
Cleaned:	they have both become jokers turn them
Dirty:	"Anil, I gave you the phone."
Cleaned:	anil i give you phone
Dirty:	"Can I take it back?"
Cleaned:	can i take it back
Dirty:	"If I unlock my phone, then there's a card in it."
Cleaned:	if i unlock my phone then there card it
Dirty:	"It’s not real. But look."
Cleaned:	it not real but look
Dirty:	"What? Even this is a four of hearts."
Cleaned:	what even four of hearts
Dirty:	"But I don’t know - how your name is written on it."
Cleaned:	but i not know your name write it
Dirty:	"Wow! Normally, I give this card away."
Cleaned:	wow normally i give card away
Dirty:	"But I’m going to keep it."
Cleaned:	but i go keep it
Dirty:	"So, I will try to read your expressions somehow."
Cleaned:	so i try read your expression somehow
Dirty:	"So, I have a book. Look at it."
Cleaned:	so i have book look it
Dirty:	"The pages are different. I’ll show it to you."
Cleaned:	the page different i show it you
Dirty:	"Amazing, bro! Superb! How did you do that?"
Cleaned:	amazing bro superb you that
Dirty:	"I'll be out of my job if I tell you."
Cleaned:	i out of my job if i tell you
Dirty:	"But that's amazing."
Cleaned:	but amazing
Dirty:	"The pages are different."
Cleaned:	the page different
Dirty:	"We will do something impossible."
Cleaned:	we something impossible
Dirty:	"I'll give you a pencil, ma'am."
Cleaned:	i give you pencil madam
Dirty:	"I will go to the stage and everybody will see that I've closed my eyes."
Cleaned:	i go stage and everybody see i have close my eyes
Dirty:	"You can open the book randomly and to make it difficult think of a big word."
Cleaned:	you can open book randomly and make it difficult think of big word
Dirty:	"And underline it."
Cleaned:	and underline it
Dirty:	"Put the pencil there and close the book."
Cleaned:	put pencil there and close book
Dirty:	"You won't show this book to anyone."
Cleaned:	you not show book anyone
Dirty:	"And nobody will ask you for it."
Cleaned:	and nobody ask you it
Dirty:	"I'll go over there, ma'am. Okay?"
Cleaned:	i go over there madam okay
Dirty:	"Ma'am, when you're done, just let me know."
Cleaned:	madam when you done just let me know
Dirty:	"Close the book."
Cleaned:	close book
Dirty:	"You have a word on your mind."
Cleaned:	you have word your mind
Dirty:	"This time, please help me out."
Cleaned:	this time please help me out
Dirty:	"Imagine the word on your mind over here."
Cleaned:	imagine word your mind over here
Dirty:	"Okay. Visualize your word written here."
Cleaned:	okay visualize your word write here
Dirty:	"And I can literally see it in your eyes."
Cleaned:	and i can literally see it your eyes
Dirty:	"I think I got something."
Cleaned:	i think i get something
Dirty:	"I have another marker."
Cleaned:	i have another marker
Dirty:	"Ma'am, close your eyes for a moment."
Cleaned:	madam close your eye moment
Dirty:	"I just got this."
Cleaned:	i just get this
Dirty:	"Say the first letter loudly."
Cleaned:	say first letter loudly
Dirty:	"C."
Cleaned:	c
Dirty:	"Wow."
Cleaned:	wow
Dirty:	"Okay. But I think I have an idea, ma'am."
Cleaned:	okay but i think i have idea madam
Dirty:	"I think it's something that you like. But don't say anything. Just keep on thinking about it."
Cleaned:	i think it something you like but not say anything just keep think about it
Dirty:	"Okay. So, I think this is the word."
Cleaned:	okay so i think word
Dirty:	"She took a book, randomly opened it."
Cleaned:	she take book randomly open it
Dirty:	"And I think this is the word in her mind."
Cleaned:	and i think word her mind
Dirty:	"Can everybody see it? Just say yes, if you can."
Cleaned:	can everybody see it just say yes if you can
Dirty:	"At this hour, she won't think about this."
Cleaned:	at hour she not think about this
Dirty:	"Ma'am, for the very first time, in your loudest voice, what is the word you're thinking of?"
Cleaned:	madam very first time your loudest voice what word you think of
Dirty:	"Cappuccino."
Cleaned:	cappuccino
Dirty:	"Give her a big round of applause."
Cleaned:	give her big round of applause
Dirty:	"From France? When did you get the time to step out of Film City and fly to France?"
Cleaned:	from france when you get time step out of film city and fly france
Dirty:	"F for Film City! F for France! Okay! Wow! What a brilliant and meaningless answer!"
Cleaned:	f film city f france okay wow what brilliant and meaningless answer
Dirty:	"What does he even know?"
Cleaned:	what he even know
Dirty:	"In general, the ladies are stressed of what is to be made for dinner."
Cleaned:	in general lady stress of what make dinner
Dirty:	"A middle-class man faces the issue of cooking gas whereas the rich class suffers from issues like stomach gas."
Cleaned:	a middleclass man face issue of cook gas whereas rich class suffer issue like stomach gas
Dirty:	"One keeps wondering how will he manage the food and the other wonders how will he digest his food?"
Cleaned:	one keep wonder he manage food and other wonder he digest his food
Dirty:	"He recollects everyone from Sunita to Babita."
Cleaned:	he recollect everyone sunita babita
Dirty:	"He starts wondering what his wife must have found. Should he go home or meet with an accident?"
Cleaned:	he start wonder what his wife must have found should he go home meet with accident
Dirty:	"She wouldn't question him till he is admitted to the hospital."
Cleaned:	she would not question him until he admit hospital
Dirty:	"Or he plans to act as if he is having chest pains. - 'I am having chest pains.'"
Cleaned:	or he plan act if he have chest pains i have chest pains
Dirty:	"You look lovely, Archana ma'am."
Cleaned:	you look lovely archana madam
Dirty:	"I have noticed that everybody in this world is stressed."
Cleaned:	i have notice everybody world stressed
Dirty:	"Yes! From a rich person to somebody poor! Everybody is stressed."
Cleaned:	yes rich person somebody poor everybody stressed
Dirty:	"The process starts from childhood itself when we ask our children what do they want to become when they grow up."
Cleaned:	the process start childhood itself when we ask our child what they want become when they grow up
Dirty:	"And the child replies by saying that he wants to become a father."
Cleaned:	and child reply say he want become father
Dirty:	"They pressurise the child to the extent that he doesn't even grow up."
Cleaned:	they pressurise child extent he not even grow up
Dirty:	"Oh yes! Das uncle is stressed because it's already late to make a drink."
Cleaned:	oh yes da uncle stress because it already late make drink
Dirty:	"He starts feeling chest pain for real."
Cleaned:	he start feel chest pain real
Dirty:	"I must say, the names that I have been called by and the way my name has been smashed is shocking."
Cleaned:	i must say name i have call and way my name have smash shocking
Dirty:	"In one of the shows that I went to, they announced saying that Mr. Gol Gopal is among us."
Cleaned:	in one of show i go to they announce say mr gol gopal among us
Dirty:	"I agree that I have a round head!"
Cleaned:	i agree i have round head
Dirty:	What were you talking about on the phone?"
Cleaned:	what you talk about phone
Dirty:	"I wanted to inform you that my mother is coming."
Cleaned:	i want inform you my mother coming
Dirty:	"All I am trying to say that all of us are stressed and we need motivation."
Cleaned:	all i try say all of u stress and we need motivation
Dirty:	"And tonight we have three motivational speakers who are followed by lakhs of people."
Cleaned:	and tonight we have three motivational speaker who follow lakh of people
Dirty:	"With a big round of applause, I would like to welcome, the lifestyle coach, author and motivational speaker, Shri Gaur Gopal Das!"
Cleaned:	with big round of applause i would like welcome lifestyle coach author and motivational speaker shri gaur gopal das
Dirty:	"Welcome! A big round of applause!"
Cleaned:	welcome big round of applause
Dirty:	"A warm welcome, sir! And thank you for accepting our invitation."
Cleaned:	a warm welcome sir and thank you accept our invitation
Dirty:	"But I am confused today, sir. I don't understand - how do I address you?"
Cleaned:	but i confuse today sir i not understand i address you
Dirty:	"Firstly, I would like to thank you... and your production company for inviting me here on The Kapil Sharma Show."
Cleaned:	firstly i would like thank you and your production company invite me here kapil sharma show
Dirty:	"He entertains everyone. He has taken up the responsibility of reducing the sadness in this world."
Cleaned:	he entertain everyone he have take up responsibility of reduce sadness world
Dirty:	"You entertain everyone as well."
Cleaned:	you entertain everyone well
Dirty:	"I try to."
Cleaned:	i try to
Dirty:	"You can call me from any name that you like. The name doesn't matter when you call somebody with love."
Cleaned:	you can call me any name you like name not matter when you call somebody with love
Dirty:	"Absolutely right!"
Cleaned:	absolutely right
Dirty:	"I went to America and they announced, 'So, we have amongst all of us, Gold Gopal Das!' This was manageable! Gol and Gold were still bearable!"
Cleaned:	i go america and they announced so we have amongst all of us gold gopal das manageable gol and gold still bearable
Dirty:	"I went to another show in Mumbai. They announced in Marathi saying, 'Today we have among us Gaud Gopal Das!' That was fine as jaggery is sweet!"
Cleaned:	i go another show mumbai they announce marathi saying today we have among u gaud gopal das fine jaggery sweet
Dirty:	"Let me tell you the worst one. 'We have Ghor Gopal Das among us today.' I am not terrible at least!"
Cleaned:	let me tell you worst one we have ghor gopal da among u today i not terrible least
Dirty:	"Normally, film stars come to our show. The production asks if they should order burgers, pizzas and others. Today, they are offering me fruits and milk."
Cleaned:	normally film star come our show production ask if they should order burgers pizza and others today they offer me fruit and milk
Dirty:	"Seriously! You are going to face problems in your life."
Cleaned:	seriously you go face problem your life
Dirty:	"When the person who teaches the world not to be attached wakes up in the morning... Do you check if your followers have increased on Instagram overnight?"
Cleaned:	when person who teach world not attach wake up morning you check if your follower have increase instagram overnight
Dirty:	"Because Archana ma'am checks her followers everyday."
Cleaned:	because archana madam check her follower everyday
Dirty:	"Amazing, sir! Do you know, I was confused and so was the production house, about how to address sir?"
Cleaned:	amazing sir you know i confuse and so production house about address sir
Dirty:	"Sir, now that you are on our show, do you agree that it's important to laugh?"
Cleaned:	sir now you our show you agree it important laugh
Dirty:	"Absolutely! Laughing is 100 per cent important!"
Cleaned:	absolutely laugh 100 per cent important
Dirty:	"Because our lives are full of sorrows. How many people are facing troubles in their life? Everybody!"
Cleaned:	because our live full of sorrows many people face trouble their life everybody
Dirty:	"Life does give us pain sometimes."
Cleaned:	life give u pain sometimes
Dirty:	"We don't even feel the pain of being burnt after we die."
Cleaned:	we not even feel pain of burn after we die
Dirty:	"I have noticed that sir has 55 lakh followers on Instagram excluding the other social media platforms, sir."
Cleaned:	i have notice sir have 55 lakh follower instagram exclude other social medium platforms sir
Dirty:	"My question is... Yes."
Cleaned:	my question is yes
Dirty:	"He is such a liar! She must be slyly checking on her phone right now as well."
Cleaned:	he such liar she must slyly check her phone right now well
Dirty:	"The liar is always punished! This liar will be punished!"
Cleaned:	the liar always punished liar punished
Dirty:	"Mr. Navjot Singh Sidhu was replaced because of Dinesh and not her. Is this false as well?"
Cleaned:	mr navjot singh sidhu replace because of dinesh and not her false well
Dirty:	"If you wish to fast in 2023 then you should spend a day without a smartphone, without Instagram, without WhatsApp, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Snapchat, Google - Tinder!"
Cleaned:	if you wish fast 2023 then you should spend day without smartphone without instagram without whatsapp facebook linkedin twitter snapchat google tinder
Dirty:	"Just one day! Fasting like this for one day! God will come to earth and appreciate you!"
Cleaned:	just one day fast like one day god come earth and appreciate you
Dirty:	"Kapil, I just promote our show. Yes, promotion as if you have 40 million followers."
Cleaned:	kapil i just promote our show yes promotion if you have 40 million followers
Dirty:	"Don't be so arrogant, Kapil."
Cleaned:	do not so arrogant kapil
Dirty:	"When was I arrogant? Did I ever say I have 44 million followers?"
Cleaned:	when i arrogant i ever say i have 44 million followers
Dirty:	"How many of you have done religious fasting ever? Has anybody done Roza?"
Cleaned:	how many of you have religious fast ever have anybody roza
Dirty:	"Has anyone fasted on Janmashtami or Navratri?"
Cleaned:	has anyone fast janmashtami navratri
Dirty:	"Did anybody follow Paryushan?"
Cleaned:	did anybody follow paryushan
Dirty:	"Instagram has become so ingrained in our lives that man is now owned by Instagram."
Cleaned:	instagram have become so ingrain our live man now own instagram
Dirty:	"Young kids definitely use it, but many adults can't seem to get enough of it."
Cleaned:	young kid definitely use it but many adult cannot seem get enough of it
Dirty:	"During the shooting, whenever we take a break, madam comes in with her phone in hand."
Cleaned:	during shooting whenever we take break madam come with her phone hand
Dirty:	"Yes, tell me, how's it going?"
Cleaned:	yes tell me it going
Dirty:	"Sir said this quote, 'When people smile, it doesn't mean...'"
Cleaned:	sir say quote when people smile it not mean
Dirty:	"Sir, do you think this is in a person's control? Can we decide to just be happy? Or is it in the wife's hands? Or maybe the boss or the girlfriend."
Cleaned:	sir you think persons control can we decide just happy it wifes hands maybe bos girlfriend
Dirty:	"Once someone texted me on August 15... 'Happy Independence Day.'"
Cleaned:	once someone texted me august 15 happy independence day
Dirty:	"Kapil is using all his liberty today."
Cleaned:	kapil use all his liberty today
Dirty:	"If we put the responsibility of our happiness on someone else's shoulder, then we'll be sad our entire lives."
Cleaned:	if we put responsibility of our happiness someone elses shoulder then we sad our entire lives
Dirty:	"The more we can take control of our emotions, and see it as our responsibility, the more we can be happy."
Cleaned:	the more we can take control of our emotions and see it our responsibility more we can happy
Dirty:	"Do not give the remote control of your emotions in the hands of other people."
Cleaned:	do not give remote control of your emotion hand of other people
Dirty:	"Try getting it back to yourself slowly."
Cleaned:	try get it back yourself slowly
Dirty:	"I saw one of sir's videos where he was talking about girlfriend and boyfriend."
Cleaned:	i saw one of sirs video where he talk about girlfriend and boyfriend
Dirty:	"He even sang the song 'Tum Itna Jo Muskura Rahi Ho.'"
Cleaned:	he even sing song tum itna jo muskura rahi ho
Dirty:	"Forgive me, sir, did you have that experience as a student?"
Cleaned:	forgive me sir you have experience student
Dirty:	"He thought he has found his mark in this innocent, bald, saintly man."
Cleaned:	he think he have find his mark innocent bald saintly man
Dirty:	"When not even 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' can pacify them, even 'Channa Mereya' can't help them, where will they go? Gaur Gopal Das it is!"
Cleaned:	when not even ae dil hai mushkil can pacify them even channa mereya cannot help them where they go gaur gopal da it is
Dirty:	"Just because he landed sour grapes doesn't mean all the grapes are sour."
Cleaned:	just because he land sour grape not mean all grape sour
Dirty:	"He was moderately drunk. So he understood that she's a nice girl, fits well with him. But what does she think about his parents?"
Cleaned:	he moderately drunk so he understand she nice girl fit well with him but what she think about his parents
Dirty:	"I did study electrical engineering in college."
Cleaned:	i study electrical engineer college
Dirty:	"And when I finished college, then I fell in love with what I am doing now."
Cleaned:	and when i finish college then i fell love with what i now
Dirty:	"In today's time, whoever falls in love, whoever has their heart broken, they come to me."
Cleaned:	in todays time whoever fall love whoever have their heart broken they come me
Dirty:	"He came to me. It was a ten year relationship."
Cleaned:	he come me it ten year relationship
Dirty:	"He just lay his head on my lap and start sobbing."
Cleaned:	he just lay his head my lap and start sobbing
Dirty:	"I told him to cool down."
Cleaned:	i tell him cool down
Dirty:	"He then recited a couplet for me."
Cleaned:	he then recite couplet me
Dirty:	"Why do I never see these people?"
Cleaned:	why i never see these people
Dirty:	"Why are people so afraid of people?"
Cleaned:	why people so afraid of people
Dirty:	"My mother used to say to me, 'You aren't married yet, what will people say?' Those people didn't even attend the wedding."
Cleaned:	my mother use say me you not marry yet what people say those people not even attend wedding
Dirty:	"If you keep thinking about what they are thinking, then what will they think? Leave some for them to think about."
Cleaned:	if you keep think about what they thinking then what they think leave some them think about
Dirty:	"All those opinions and advice that people have, all their comments and such, it's all noise."
Cleaned:	all those opinion and advice people have all their comment and such it all noise
Dirty:	"I never fell in love with anyone. But solving all these love problems has now made me a love coach."
Cleaned:	i never fell love with anyone but solve all these love problem have now make me love coach
Dirty:	"You have a voice inside you."
Cleaned:	you have voice inside you
Dirty:	"There's nothing wrong in asking for advice when it's backed by truth."
Cleaned:	there nothing wrong ask advice when it back truth
Dirty:	"People will always have something to say. No matter what you do."
Cleaned:	people always have something say no matter what you do
Dirty:	"Ignore it, lest the night should pass in these meaningless things."
Cleaned:	ignore it lest night should pas these meaningless things
Dirty:	"Whatever 'fun' they talk about, am I Kapil Sharma to do that?"
Cleaned:	whatever fun they talk about i kapil sharma that
Dirty:	"It is said that when a man hits a violent roadblock in his life, he turns to spirituality."
Cleaned:	it say when man hit violent roadblock his life he turn spirituality
Dirty:	"Back in our time, we only had three options. You could be an engineer, a doctor or a failure."
Cleaned:	back our time we only have three options you could engineer doctor failure
Dirty:	"A guy was filling out his MBA course form outside an MBA college. He asked the watchman about the college. The watchman told him it's really good since he also got his MBA here."
Cleaned:	a guy fill out his mba course form outside mba college he ask watchman about college watchman tell him it really good since he also get his mba here
Dirty:	"In a quest to hear everyone out, do not forget your voice."
Cleaned:	in quest hear everyone out not forget your voice
Dirty:	"You need to search for yourself what you want to do, rather than getting their opinions on it."
Cleaned:	you need search yourself what you want do rather than get their opinion it
Dirty:	"Listen to your own voice."
Cleaned:	listen your own voice
Dirty:	"When you don't get a job or a girlfriend, something must've gone wrong."
Cleaned:	when you not get job girlfriend something must have go wrong
Dirty:	"After engineering, everyone wants to make their career."
Cleaned:	after engineering everyone want make their career
Dirty:	"Drowning in the sea is a destiny as old as time, feel sorry for those who get stranded on the coasts."
Cleaned:	drowning sea destiny old time feel sorry those who get strand coasts
Dirty:	"Many of the youngsters here will love the idea of leaving their mainstream careers and following their passions."
Cleaned:	many of youngster here love idea of leave their mainstream career and follow their passions
Dirty:	"I did not know what would happen next. I just took the leap."
Cleaned:	i not know what would happen next i just take leap
Dirty:	"If I have to spend so many hours, I won't spend them doing that which doesn't touch my soul."
Cleaned:	if i have spend so many hours i not spend them which not touch my soul
Dirty:	"Your heart has to be in it."
Cleaned:	your heart have it
Dirty:	"Not everybody has that luxury, Gaur sir. To not choose office and follow their hearts."
Cleaned:	not everybody have luxury gaur sir not choose office and follow their hearts
Dirty:	"Do not leave your mainstream careers right away."
Cleaned:	do not leave your mainstream career right away
Dirty:	"I was mad and I took the risk."
Cleaned:	i mad and i take risk
Dirty:	"Love is blind. Marriage is the eye-opener."
Cleaned:	love blind marriage eyeopener
Dirty:	"She wanted to deliver sermons. I said you need followers for that. She said she found one. Her husband Parmeet Sethi."
Cleaned:	she want deliver sermons i say you need follower that she say she find one her husband parmeet sethi
Dirty:	"She's not your follower. There's a difference between servant and follower."
Cleaned:	she not your follower there difference between servant and follower
Dirty:	"I took that leap of faith."
Cleaned:	i take leap of faith
Dirty:	"It should be a calculated risk. Earn your money from the mainstream. Side by side, keep your passion alive."
Cleaned:	it should calculate risk earn your money mainstream side side keep your passion alive
Dirty:	"Do a little bit of it every day. Do it as a hobby."
Cleaned:	do little bite of it every day it hobby
Dirty:	"Maybe one day it might get fully developed and you might pursue it as your main career."
Cleaned:	maybe one day it might get fully develop and you might pursue it your main career
Dirty:	"It's a balanced approach."
Cleaned:	it balance approach
Dirty:	"If you're a human, you will feel emotions."
Cleaned:	if you human you feel emotions
Dirty:	"Getting angry is not that big of a problem, but saying bad things while you're angry is a much bigger problem."
Cleaned:	getting angry not big of problem but say bad thing while you angry much bigger problem
Dirty:	"I have learnt a very, very important word from my Guru. The word is 'wait'."
Cleaned:	i have learn very very important word my guru word wait
Dirty:	"Just stay quiet for now."
Cleaned:	just stay quiet now
Dirty:	"The only time the wall will budge is when you're tipsy."
Cleaned:	the only time wall budge when you tipsy
Dirty:	"I told him, 'Look, I've never tasted alcohol. I don't drink. So I'll go with milk.'"
Cleaned:	i tell him look i have never taste alcohol i not drink so i go with milk
Dirty:	"You may say things you'll regret. And then you'll sit there at the end of the day, feeling that regret."
Cleaned:	you may say thing you regret and then you sit there end of day feel regret
Dirty:	"Anger, guilt. Anger, guilt."
Cleaned:	anger guilt anger guilt
Dirty:	"Even I get angry. But I take my time before I react. I wait."
Cleaned:	even i get angry but i take my time before i react i wait
Dirty:	"That wait has saved many relationships."
Cleaned:	that wait have save many relationships
Dirty:	"Look, always make two sections in your mind. One section is about what you can control. And the other is about what you can't control."
Cleaned:	look always make two section your mind one section about what you can control and other about what you cannot control
Dirty:	"If it's in your hands, you should worry about it. Only then the problem will be solved."
Cleaned:	if it your hands you should worry about it only then problem solved
Dirty:	"But if it's not in your control, worrying about it will ruin your physical health, your mental health, your peace, your relationships."
Cleaned:	but if it not your control worry about it ruin your physical health your mental health your peace your relationships
Dirty:	"What isn't in our control, trying to change it is like banging your head on the wall. The wall won't budge, but your head will hurt."
Cleaned:	what not our control try change it like bang your head wall wall not budge but your head hurt
Dirty:	"For tension, every day worries have a reason behind it."
Cleaned:	for tension every day worry have reason behind it
Dirty:	"He said if you drink 15 litres of milk, and kick the wall. Will it budge? No. Now drink 200 ml of neat vodka. Just stand there and watch the wall dance."
Cleaned:	he say if you drink 15 litre of milk and kick wall it budge no now drink 200 ml of neat vodka just stand there and watch wall dance
Dirty:	"I will drop my glass. And if I forget where the bottle is..."
Cleaned:	i drop my glass and if i forget where bottle is
Dirty:	"You could have bought onions for Rs. 950 instead. You could have made something delicious."
Cleaned:	you could have buy onion rs 950 instead you could have make something delicious
Dirty:	"She is my problem."
Cleaned:	she my problem
Dirty:	"If my hands tremble, what will happen at the most? I will drop my glass."
Cleaned:	if my hand tremble what happen most i drop my glass
Dirty:	"And if I forget where the bottle is..."
Cleaned:	and if i forget where bottle is
Dirty:	"You could have bought onions for Rs. 950 instead. You could have made something delicious."
Cleaned:	you could have buy onion rs 950 instead you could have make something delicious
Dirty:	"Some walls won't budge even if you try to bring them down."
Cleaned:	some wall not budge even if you try bring them down
Dirty:	"We should focus on what we can control and try to change it."
Cleaned:	we should focus what we can control and try change it
Dirty:	"That reminds me, there was a drunkard. He dreamt of God."
Cleaned:	that remind me there drunkard he dream of god
Dirty:	"I don't want to lose my memory."
Cleaned:	i not want lose my memory
Dirty:	"I am so happy to meet you."
Cleaned:	i so happy meet you
Dirty:	"She is my problem."
Cleaned:	she my problem
Dirty:	"I am your wife, and not a problem."
Cleaned:	i your wife and not problem
Dirty:	"Husbands were told, this too shall pass. Not to worry!"
Cleaned:	husbands told too shall pass not worry
Dirty:	"I could have spared myself if I had any idea about the future."
Cleaned:	i could have spar myself if i have any idea about future
Dirty:	"I used to do that even before I got married."
Cleaned:	i use even before i get married
Dirty:	"I did that because your relatives took all the food away."
Cleaned:	i because your relative take all food away
Dirty:	"I asked them to change their clothes. But instead, they swapped clothes."
Cleaned:	i ask them change their clothes but instead they swap clothes
Dirty:	"Parents who? Whose parents?"
Cleaned:	parents who whose parents
Dirty:	"But they don't rise before 2 pm."
Cleaned:	but they not rise before 2 pm
Dirty:	"History is proof that wives taught their husbands to behave like humans."
Cleaned:	history proof wive teach their husband behave like humans
Dirty:	"Did you try going back to your parents?"
Cleaned:	did you try go back your parents
Dirty:	"A woman has to leave her parents and her family behind and goes to her husband's house."
Cleaned:	a woman have leave her parent and her family behind and go her husbands house
Dirty:	"Sir, my parents watch your videos nowadays."
Cleaned:	sir my parent watch your video nowadays
Dirty:	"Their thought process has changed."
Cleaned:	their think process have changed
Dirty:	"But they don't change their clothes."
Cleaned:	but they not change their clothes
Dirty:	"The both of us have risen above relationships."
Cleaned:	the both of u have rise above relationships
Dirty:	"They wake up when the pressure cooker goes off! 'The food is ready. Time to wake up.'"
Cleaned:	they wake up when pressure cooker go off the food ready time wake up
Dirty:	"You have made plenty of mistakes. One of them is here, and the rest of them are inside."
Cleaned:	you have make plenty of mistakes one of them here and rest of them inside
Dirty:	"We want to do penance. We have made some mistakes in life."
Cleaned:	we want penance we have make some mistake life
Dirty:	"Go to two separate mountains. If you go to the same mountain, you will repeat your mistake."
Cleaned:	go two separate mountains if you go same mountain you repeat your mistake
Dirty:	"They are looking for a way to stay for free."
Cleaned:	they look way stay free
Dirty:	"Paneer won't stay fresh till tomorrow. Did you see how they are?"
Cleaned:	paneer not stay fresh until tomorrow you see they are
Dirty:	"We've cancelled the plan. Let's go! The drama is over."
Cleaned:	we have cancel plan let u go drama over
Dirty:	"Your body demands food and sleep. Our soul is looking for peace."
Cleaned:	your body demand food and sleep our soul look peace
Dirty:	"That makes me feel at peace."
Cleaned:	that make me feel peace
Dirty:	"It is but human for humans to make mistakes."
Cleaned:	it but human human make mistakes
Dirty:	"But accepting your mistakes is the most courageous action."
Cleaned:	but accept your mistake most courageous action
Dirty:	"I want to save myself from my children."
Cleaned:	i want save myself my children
Dirty:	"Why don't you and I go on a dinner date?"
Cleaned:	why not you and i go dinner date
Dirty:	"Friends, it's time to call on stage, the second guest for tonight."
Cleaned:	friends it time call stage second guest tonight
Dirty:	"He is an influencer, an international motivational speaker, a leadership consultant, a business coach, and a corporate trainer."
Cleaned:	he influencer international motivational speaker leadership consultant business coach and corporate trainer
Dirty:	"In the race of life, make sure that your gaining weight doesn't tend to weigh you down."
Cleaned:	in race of life make sure your gain weight not tend weigh you down
Dirty:	"You tend to complete a task that takes an hour within 40 minutes when you are fit."
Cleaned:	you tend complete task take hour within 40 minute when you fit
Dirty:	"Someone said you need Aadhar to live in India and a loan to escape from India!"
Cleaned:	someone say you need aadhar live india and loan escape india
Dirty:	"Vivek's skills can motivate anybody! He was motivating the guard outside our studio by telling him that he can make it too. Don't just sit idle. Get up and run! He ran and his salary got cut!"
Cleaned:	viveks skill can motivate anybody he motivate guard outside our studio tell him he can make it too not just sit idle get up and run he run and his salary get cut
Dirty:	"Jack of all trades, Master of none."
Cleaned:	jack of all trades master of none
Dirty:	"There should be only one focus and mine is business coaching."
Cleaned:	there should only one focus and mine business coaching
Dirty:	"I am proud to say that we have built a pride for India by creating the World's Best Entrepreneurial channel."
Cleaned:	i proud say we have build pride india create worlds best entrepreneurial channel
Dirty:	"We have earned 11 World Records in the Guinness Book of World Records."
Cleaned:	we have earn 11 world record guinness book of world records
Dirty:	"Health is an important factor for that."
Cleaned:	health important factor that
Dirty:	"Congratulations!"
Cleaned:	congratulations
Dirty:	"It's very important!"
Cleaned:	it very important
Dirty:	"You have to stay alert, be able to engage with them and be able to involve them."
Cleaned:	you have stay alert able engage with them and able involve them
Dirty:	"In the world of comedy, if there has been someone so relevant for a long time after Mr. Bachchan, then that has to be you."
Cleaned:	in world of comedy if there have someone so relevant long time after mr bachchan then have you
Dirty:	"Mr. Sonu Nigam can be appreciated for singing the same song again. But you cannot repeat the content in comedy over and over again. - It's a big deal."
Cleaned:	mr sonu nigam can appreciate sing same song again but you cannot repeat content comedy over and over again it big deal
Dirty:	"He is the record holder of 11 world records, as he said!"
Cleaned:	he record holder of 11 world records he said
Dirty:	"Congratulations, sir."
Cleaned:	congratulations sir
Dirty:	"I would like you to tell us about the categories of the 11 world records."
Cleaned:	i would like you tell u about category of 11 world records
Dirty:	"During the time of Covid, when people were in their homes and under lockdown, we were trying to help people with their business in tough times."
Cleaned:	during time of covid when people their home and under lockdown we try help people with their business tough times
Dirty:	"We conducted webinars on Zoom."
Cleaned:	we conduct webinars zoom
Dirty:	"We were expecting less than 10 thousand people to register."
Cleaned:	we expect less than 10 thousand people register
Dirty:	"The registration for the webinar had crossed our expectations."
Cleaned:	the registration webinar have cross our expectations
Dirty:	"So we attempted for the Guinness World Record."
Cleaned:	so we attempt guinness world record
Dirty:	"Russia had the World Record of 11 thousand people."
Cleaned:	russia have world record of 11 thousand people
Dirty:	"26 lakh people registered for that webinar."
Cleaned:	26 lakh people register webinar
Dirty:	"I conducted another webinar in the lockdown on how to improve your sales."
Cleaned:	i conduct another webinar lockdown improve your sales
Dirty:	"I found out that China had the World record of the biggest webinar for sales."
Cleaned:	i find out china have world record of biggest webinar sales
Dirty:	"On attempting, 35 lakh people registered for the webinar on Zoom."
Cleaned:	on attempting 35 lakh people register webinar zoom
Dirty:	"After uploading it on YouTube, the webinar on how to increase sales became very popular."
Cleaned:	after upload it youtube webinar increase sale become very popular
Dirty:	"Then I made webinars on HR, finance, sales, operations, marketing, leadership, and other subjects."
Cleaned:	then i make webinars hr finance sales operations marketing leadership and other subjects
Dirty:	"I strived to find ways to give free content to people."
Cleaned:	i strive find way give free content people
Dirty:	"I would like to congratulate you for the content you give as it is very difficult to give unique content each time."
Cleaned:	i would like congratulate you content you give it very difficult give unique content each time
Dirty:	"And you always deliver unique content."
Cleaned:	and you always deliver unique content
Dirty:	"Thank you for everything you said and for your love."
Cleaned:	thank you everything you say and your love
Dirty:	"It's time to welcome our next guest on stage."
Cleaned:	it time welcome our next guest stage
Dirty:	"He is famous for teaching kids in a unique way!"
Cleaned:	he famous teach kid unique way
Dirty:	"With a round of applause, please welcome, a teacher and a motivational speaker, Mr. Khan Sir."
Cleaned:	with round of applause please welcome teacher and motivational speaker mr khan sir
Dirty:	"The pace at which your subscriptions have increased after the lockdown has left the subscriptions on OTT platforms far behind."
Cleaned:	the pace which your subscription have increase after lockdown have leave subscription ott platform far behind
Dirty:	"For a teacher, what matters more than his name is for his students to glorify the name of the Nation. That goal is more important to me."
Cleaned:	for teacher what matter more than his name his student glorify name of nation goal more important me
Dirty:	"My name does not matter."
Cleaned:	my name not matter
Dirty:	"Khan Sir's educational channel on YouTube has one crore 70 lakh followers."
Cleaned:	khan sirs educational channel youtube have one crore 70 lakh followers
Dirty:	"The numbers have increased. They are one crore 90 lahks now."
Cleaned:	the number have increased they one crore 90 lahks now
Dirty:	"There were 30 thousand followers before lockdown, Sir."
Cleaned:	there 30 thousand follower before lockdown sir
Dirty:	"How did this happen, Khan Sir?"
Cleaned:	how happen khan sir
Dirty:	"We used to physically go to a class to teach before the lockdown."
Cleaned:	we use physically go class teach before lockdown
Dirty:	"The class used to be full and the children could not study."
Cleaned:	the class use full and child could not study
Dirty:	"We did not have an option except for teaching on YouTube after lockdown."
Cleaned:	we not have option except teach youtube after lockdown
Dirty:	"And even we have no idea why people kept subscribing in such numbers."
Cleaned:	and even we have no idea why people keep subscribe such numbers
Dirty:	"Because we have been teaching the same way as before."
Cleaned:	because we have teach same way before
Dirty:	"Our aim was that the children should not have any doubts unsolved."
Cleaned:	our aim child should not have any doubt unsolved
Dirty:	"We would sit on the last benches and we had admitted that the frontbenchers are studious."
Cleaned:	we would sit last bench and we have admit frontbencher studious
Dirty:	"We are hopeless. And the parents expected us to pass somehow."
Cleaned:	we hopeless and parent expect u pas somehow
Dirty:	"Later on, we realised that it was the teacher's fault and we were blamed."
Cleaned:	later on we realise it teachers fault and we blamed
Dirty:	"If teaching is made so simple, for example, in my childhood, I used to enjoy reading history."
Cleaned:	if teach make so simple example my childhood i use enjoy read history
Dirty:	"When I grew up, I realised that I was interested in history but more as a story."
Cleaned:	when i grow up i realise i interest history but more story
Dirty:	"Now, I even enjoy writing. In the future, you might chance upon it."
Cleaned:	now i even enjoy writing future you might chance upon it
Dirty:	"I love writing."
Cleaned:	i love writing
Dirty:	"Now, I realise that I enjoyed it because it had a story."
Cleaned:	now i realise i enjoy it because it have story
Dirty:	"But they forced us to memorise it instead."
Cleaned:	but they force u memorise it instead
Dirty:	"Your style of teaching is amazing."
Cleaned:	your style of teach amazing
Dirty:	"I wish it were present in our times."
Cleaned:	i wish it present our times
Dirty:	"There would've been exposure to great teachers on YouTube."
Cleaned:	there would have exposure great teacher youtube
Dirty:	"Our teachers were great too."
Cleaned:	our teacher great too
Dirty:	"I've watched your videos, Mr Khan. It's so detailed. Even for an unknown subject."
Cleaned:	i have watch your videos mr khan it so detailed even unknown subject
Dirty:	"People won't believe it but I know it. [laughs] Assassination is spelt as ass which is a donkey, another ass on it and then 'i' on top of it, and the entire nation on me."
Cleaned:	people not believe it but i know it laughs assassination spell which donkey another it and then i top of it and entire nation me
Dirty:	"We couldn't remember who invented the radio. The radio isn't working Hit it with your elbow. Marconi invented it."
Cleaned:	we could not remember who invent radio radio not work hit it with your elbow marconi invent it
Dirty:	"You will remember Marconi now. Make it so visual."
Cleaned:	you remember marconi now make it so visual
Dirty:	"If your videos are followed it creates so much interest because we were all taught by teachers. And we've had nice teachers too."
Cleaned:	if your video follow it create so much interest because we all teach teachers and we have have nice teacher too
Dirty:	"But you're certainly special to be able to make every subject interesting."
Cleaned:	but you certainly special able make every subject interesting
Dirty:	"The talent here is to be able to give a visual training to the teachers."
Cleaned:	the talent here able give visual train teachers
Dirty:	"As Kapil mentioned, stories."
Cleaned:	as kapil mentioned stories
Dirty:	"Who knows the spelling of assassination?"
Cleaned:	who know spell of assassination
Dirty:	"The more you make education visual and make it easier."
Cleaned:	the more you make education visual and make it easier
Dirty:	"As you said earlier, we explain things so well."
Cleaned:	as you say earlier we explain thing so well
Dirty:	"For that half an hour's class, we prepare for a week."
Cleaned:	for half hours class we prepare week
Dirty:	"It depends on our level of satisfaction."
Cleaned:	it depend our level of satisfaction
Dirty:	"Some topics take two months. Unless we're satisfied, we don't share it."
Cleaned:	some topic take two months unless we satisfied we not share it
Dirty:	"There's a saying that the world knows my achievements and not the hard work behind it."
Cleaned:	there say world know my achievement and not hard work behind it
Dirty:	"In our student life, we were lagging so behind that we were afraid of ourselves."
Cleaned:	in our student life we lag so behind we afraid of ourselves
Dirty:	"Where am I? Is there any scope for improvement or not?"
Cleaned:	where i there any scope improvement not
Dirty:	"But I always wanted to learn."
Cleaned:	but i always want learn
Dirty:	"Before making a film, a director practices for months."
Cleaned:	before make film director practice months
Dirty:	"After two years of hard work, a movie is made."
Cleaned:	after two year of hard work movie made
Dirty:	"Experience teaches you what could crop up as a doubt."
Cleaned:	experience teach you what could crop up doubt
Dirty:	"Another advantage of learning from you is that..."
Cleaned:	another advantage of learn you that
Dirty:	"I have been beaten up a lot."
Cleaned:	i have beat up lot
Dirty:	"I couldn't ask the teacher a question."
Cleaned:	i could not ask teacher question
Dirty:	"If I ever asked him how far the sun is. He would ask me if I want to go there."
Cleaned:	if i ever ask him far sun is he would ask me if i want go there
Dirty:	"They won't try to befriend the kid."
Cleaned:	they not try befriend kid
Dirty:	"A lot has changed now."
Cleaned:	a lot have change now
Dirty:	"Kids don't get beaten up anymore."
Cleaned:	kids not get beat up anymore
Dirty:	"Our students don't fight with us because there's no need to."
Cleaned:	our student not fight with u because there no need to
Dirty:	"The subject matter is cleared at once."
Cleaned:	the subject matter clear once
Dirty:	"When your wife asks you how she's looking after dressing up, do you answer it within five seconds?"
Cleaned:	when your wife ask you she look after dress up you answer it within five seconds
Dirty:	"In every house, it is very common to hear that the wife is sticking around because of the kid, or else she would've left."
Cleaned:	in every house it very common hear wife stick around because of kid else she would have left
Dirty:	"Mr Khan doesn't answer personal questions."
Cleaned:	mr khan not answer personal questions
Dirty:	"When people listen to motivational speakers a lot, they get confused."
Cleaned:	when people listen motivational speaker lot they get confused
Dirty:	"Someone asks you to dream big. Buy a car. Build a bank balance. Someone asks you not to have desires as they're the root cause of sorrow."
Cleaned:	someone ask you dream big buy car build bank balance someone ask you not have desire they root because of sorrow
Dirty:	"Doctors mean nothing to my mother. My mom's friend sitting next to her if she gives her an advise on diabetes then she will blindly follow it."
Cleaned:	doctors mean nothing my mother my moms friend sit next her if she give her advise diabetes then she blindly follow it
Dirty:	"I've seen that even Raveena Tandon follows you."
Cleaned:	i have see even raveena tandon follow you
Dirty:	"Your face has a smile the moment I mentioned her."
Cleaned:	your face have smile moment i mention her
Dirty:	"I've heard that Vivek gives business-related solutions within five seconds."
Cleaned:	i have hear vivek give businessrelated solution within five seconds
Dirty:	"You must never say it."
Cleaned:	you must never say it
Dirty:	"Women are not less than men."
Cleaned:	women not less than men
Dirty:	"You're still unmarried, Khan."
Cleaned:	you still unmarried khan
Dirty:	"You're so popular. Your sense of humour is so good."
Cleaned:	you so popular your sense of humour so good
Dirty:	"I'm sure you get a lot of proposals."
Cleaned:	i sure you get lot of proposals
Dirty:	"Mr Khan doesn't answer personal questions."
Cleaned:	mr khan not answer personal questions
Dirty:	"Listen to everyone and do as you wish."
Cleaned:	listen everyone and you wish
Dirty:	"As you truly feel."
Cleaned:	as you truly feel
Dirty:	"Because what we hear is not processed by our minds."
Cleaned:	because what we hear not process our minds
Dirty:	"When we don't process others' advice and try to follow it, it's called blind faith."
Cleaned:	when we not process others advice and try follow it it call blind faith
Dirty:	"Process it and focus on what your heart resonates."
Cleaned:	process it and focus what your heart resonates
Dirty:	"Then act upon it."
Cleaned:	then act upon it
Dirty:	"I wanted to ask Khan Sir. You had an episode on trains."
Cleaned:	i want ask khan sir you have episode trains
Dirty:	"Why do trains work like this?"
Cleaned:	why train work like this
Dirty:	"It's history. There is a connection here for the compartments."
Cleaned:	it history there connection here compartments
Dirty:	"She will find out - and then start her channel."
Cleaned:	she find out and then start her channel
Dirty:	"The workers know more than us. I ask them how it works and try to find out myself because I can deliver it better then."
Cleaned:	the worker know more than us i ask them it work and try find out myself because i can deliver it better then
Dirty:	"Sometimes, I go to the yard to find out."
Cleaned:	sometimes i go yard find out
Dirty:	"How can there be a uniform test? The fish will kill itself because it will never pass."
Cleaned:	how can there uniform test fish kill itself because it never pass
Dirty:	"A father once slapped his kid so hard that the neighbour asked him what's the matter. He said that his results are due tomorrow. So, why are you slapping him today?"
Cleaned:	a father once slap his kid so hard neighbour ask him what matter he say his result due tomorrow so why you slap him today
Dirty:	"So, why are you slapping him today? I'll be out of town tomorrow. So, I'm getting my work done."
Cleaned:	so why you slap him today i out of town tomorrow so i get my work done
Dirty:	"Has any parent ever said that you're the reason for their child's demotion?"
Cleaned:	has any parent ever say you reason their childs demotion
Dirty:	"You can find some information directly."
Cleaned:	you can find some information directly
Dirty:	"Otherwise, you can ask on the spot."
Cleaned:	otherwise you can ask spot
Dirty:	"It was very interesting."
Cleaned:	it very interesting
Dirty:	"On your recommendation, I'll make it."
Cleaned:	on your recommendation i make it
Dirty:	"According to me, you must not pressurise kids."
Cleaned:	according me you must not pressurise kids
Dirty:	"At the same time, we must ensure what Albert Einstein said."
Cleaned:	at same time we must ensure what albert einstein said
Dirty:	"If there's a rabbit, a monkey, a deer, a lion, and a fish. Make them stand in a queue."
Cleaned:	if there rabbit monkey deer lion and fish make them stand queue
Dirty:	"Put them through a test. Ask them to climb the tree."
Cleaned:	put them through test ask them climb tree
Dirty:	"The education system has become all about the grades and subjects, which is important."
Cleaned:	the education system have become all about grade and subjects which important
Dirty:	"While doing it, children's passion or interest must be encouraged."
Cleaned:	while it childrens passion interest must encouraged
Dirty:	"If you don't cater to your child's competence then they will continue failing and getting slapped."
Cleaned:	if you not cater your childs competence then they continue fail and get slapped
Dirty:	"Vivek believes that if kids score more than 95 per cent that's bad too."
Cleaned:	vivek believe if kid score more than 95 per cent bad too
Dirty:	"Kids scoring between 75 and 85 per cent tend to become more successful."
Cleaned:	kids score between 75 and 85 per cent tend become more successful
Dirty:	"Education in schools is a classroom-based, conceptual, theoretical approach."
Cleaned:	education school classroombased conceptual theoretical approach
Dirty:	"Cows don't give milk. We have to milk them."
Cleaned:	cows not give milk we have milk them
Dirty:	"Beyond fear lies... Victory! - No, there's no victory. There's pain beyond fear."
Cleaned:	beyond fear lies victory no there no victory there pain beyond fear
Dirty:	"Spread your legs as far as the blanket can cover. Why should I? I will bring a bigger blanket. I can put my feet out and move on."
Cleaned:	spread your leg far blanket can cover why should i i bring bigger blanket i can put my foot out and move on
Dirty:	"What does a child need?"
Cleaned:	what child need
Dirty:	"Subjects in which the score is three out of ten, instead of focusing on that, focus on subjects where the score is above 7."
Cleaned:	subjects which score three out of ten instead of focus that focus subject where score above 7
Dirty:	"So that the child can specialise in it."
Cleaned:	so child can specialise it
Dirty:	"For the sake of 95 or 85 per cent, the child doesn't have an overall development."
Cleaned:	for sake of 95 85 per cent child not have overall development
Dirty:	"Because of these old patterns, our children aren't developing."
Cleaned:	because of these old patterns our child not developing
Dirty:	"I always tell people to allow their child to pursue their interest and skills in demand."
Cleaned:	i always tell people allow their child pursue their interest and skill demand
Dirty:	"When this happens, the child becomes successful and a tough competition for everyone."
Cleaned:	when happens child become successful and tough competition everyone
Dirty:	"It's necessary to break these old patterns."
Cleaned:	it necessary break these old patterns
Dirty:	"Success is not easy to find. You have to search for it."
Cleaned:	success not easy find you have search it
Dirty:	"In life, you have to lose to gain something. Would you agree with me?"
Cleaned:	in life you have lose gain something would you agree with me
Dirty:	"You have to do something to gain something and not lose."
Cleaned:	you have something gain something and not lose
Dirty:	"These are our old patterns."
Cleaned:	these our old patterns
Dirty:	"If you persist, you emerge victorious."
Cleaned:	if you persist you emerge victorious
Dirty:	"The problem is that our patterns are deep-rooted."
Cleaned:	the problem our pattern deeprooted
Dirty:	"We've got to break those patterns."
Cleaned:	we have get break those patterns
Dirty:	"Move on, develop better beliefs and stay in good company."
Cleaned:	move on develop better belief and stay good company
Dirty:	"If your patterns change, things will change."
Cleaned:	if your pattern change thing change
Dirty:	"Apart from educational videos, some important issues or national issues he makes videos on current affairs too."
Cleaned:	apart educational videos some important issue national issue he make video current affair too
Dirty:	"I charge minimal fees very nominal. If a child wants to study I charge them 200 rupees for the entire subject."
Cleaned:	i charge minimal fee very nominal if child want study i charge them 200 rupee entire subject
Dirty:	"The others didn't like it."
Cleaned:	the others not like it
Dirty:	"It's the same thing." (Said in response to lowering the UPSC exam fees)
Cleaned:	it same thing said response lower upsc exam fees
Dirty:	"Sometimes, I don't even feel like charging them."
Cleaned:	sometimes i not even feel like charge them
Dirty:	"A boy who had come for admission, his scooty was blown off. He was here to study but his scooty got blown off." (Sarcasm about the situation)
Cleaned:	a boy who have come admission his scooty blow off he here study but his scooty get blow off sarcasm about situation
Dirty:	"Being poor is not a crime. Education has to be accessible."
Cleaned:	being poor not crime education have accessible
Dirty:	"I decided that I will surely subsidise it if I get a chance."
Cleaned:	i decide i surely subsidise it if i get chance
Dirty:	"I brought down the fees from 2.5 lakhs to 7500 rupees."
Cleaned:	i bring down fee 25 lakh 7500 rupees
Dirty:	"Despite that, we might find 7500 to be cheap."
Cleaned:	despite that we might find 7500 cheap
Dirty:	"A girl asked me to move the evening batch to the morning. I told her that I can't transfer it for one person."
Cleaned:	a girl ask me move even batch morning i tell her i cannot transfer it one person
Dirty:	"I asked her what's the problem. She told me that she has to work as a maid in the evening."
Cleaned:	i ask her what problem she tell me she have work maid evening
Dirty:	"The issues are larger than our perception."
Cleaned:	the issue larger than our perception
Dirty:	"A boy used to mine sand. And his mother would sell it. He paid me his fees by mining sand."
Cleaned:	a boy use mine sand and his mother would sell it he pay me his fee mine sand
Dirty:	"That day, I decided that no child in India will have to suffer because of financial constraints no matter how long the academic journey is."
Cleaned:	that day i decide no child india have suffer because of financial constraint no matter long academic journey is
Dirty:	"His startup is bootstrapped."
Cleaned:	his startup bootstrapped
Dirty:	"He is self-funded. He has not borrowed money from anyone yet."
Cleaned:	he selffunded he have not borrow money anyone yet
Dirty:	"He's not using an investor's money but his own, and it's such a strong startup."
Cleaned:	he not use investors money but his own and it such strong startup
Dirty:	"Many people threatened me for this."
Cleaned:	many people threaten me this
Dirty:	"And then they bombed. Around 7-8 bombs."
Cleaned:	and then they bombed around 78 bombs
Dirty:	"One of them fell near me. It didn't blast." (Sarcasm about the bomb not going off)
Cleaned:	one of them fell near me it not blast sarcasm about bomb not go off
Dirty:	"But there's a saying that the sun might be the hottest but it can't dry up the ocean." (Said humorously to express resilience after the bombing)
Cleaned:	but there say sun might hottest but it cannot dry up ocean said humorously express resilience after bombing
Dirty:	"Later, I got many threats."
Cleaned:	later i get many threats
Dirty:	"There's a reason behind reducing the fees. Everybody can't afford a fee of 2.5 lakhs."
Cleaned:	there reason behind reduce fees everybody cannot afford fee of 25 lakhs
Dirty:	"A handful can. Their mental level is high. But the nation's mental level remains unstable."
Cleaned:	a handful can their mental level high but nations mental level remain unstable
Dirty:	"When the fee is reduced, there will be more people ready to prepare if they wish to work for the country."
Cleaned:	when fee reduced there more people ready prepare if they wish work country
Dirty:	"The seats are limited and will be given to very few."
Cleaned:	the seat limit and give very few
Dirty:	"But those who don't get it will get a responsible citizen. Someone who can change the country."
Cleaned:	but those who not get it get responsible citizen someone who can change country
Dirty:	"We were called global teachers because people from all over the world came to learn from us."
Cleaned:	we call global teacher because people all over world come learn us
Dirty:	"Hiuen Tsang and Fa-Hien came from China. Nobody visits us anymore."
Cleaned:	hiuen tsang and fahien come china nobody visit u anymore
Dirty:	"We wish to turn the clock."
Cleaned:	we wish turn clock
Dirty:	"Most of the IPS and IAS officers are from Bihar."
Cleaned:	most of ip and ia officer bihar
Dirty:	"In matters of education, we've had many politicians."
Cleaned:	in matter of education we have have many politicians
Dirty:	"There are no options there."
Cleaned:	there no option there
Dirty:	"Bihar is a stubborn state. It aspires to get everything."
Cleaned:	bihar stubborn state it aspire get everything
Dirty:	"And they strive to do it."
Cleaned:	and they strive it
Dirty:	"After my MBA, I had decided to devote myself to God."
Cleaned:	after my mba i have decide devote myself god
Dirty:	"For many years I lived in Vrindavan and Gurukul."
Cleaned:	for many year i live vrindavan and gurukul
Dirty:	"I learnt a lot. That was my real MBA. Most Beautiful Association."
Cleaned:	i learn lot my real mba most beautiful association
Dirty:	"I read the Bhagavad Gita."
Cleaned:	i read bhagavad gita
Dirty:	"I fell in love with it."
Cleaned:	i fell love with it
Dirty:	"My teacher told me that I must connect Bhagavad Gita with business management and spread it to the world."
Cleaned:	my teacher tell me i must connect bhagavad gita with business management and spread it world
Dirty:	"Dr. Stephen Covey's book, 'The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People' said that all the 7 habits were derived from Bhagavad Gita."
Cleaned:	dr stephen coveys book the 7 habit of highly effective people say all 7 habit derive bhagavad gita
Dirty:	"People in our country read my book, more than 3.5 million copies have been sold but they don't read Bhagavad Gita."
Cleaned:	people our country read my book more than 35 million copy have sell but they not read bhagavad gita
Dirty:	"I felt that I should speak on Gita and management."
Cleaned:	i felt i should speak gita and management
Dirty:	"I thought it must be difficult."
Cleaned:	i think it must difficult
Dirty:	"Poverty is shameless! They say, may there be death soon in a poor man's life. There won't be any money left to buy a coffin as it's spent on medicines." (Humorously making light of the harsh realities of poverty)
Cleaned:	poverty shameless they say may there death soon poor mans life there not any money leave buy coffin it spend medicines humorously make light of harsh reality of poverty
Dirty:	"What's so special about Khan sir is that those who want to study and gain knowledge, they watch his videos. There are a few... Mrs. Archana told me. When she started watching, she continued to watch your videos back to back. Because... The way you speak while teaching and the humour you add make your videos interesting." (Slight sarcastic tone, as the speaker contrasts serious educational content with humor)
Cleaned:	what so special about khan sir those who want study and gain knowledge they watch his videos there few mrs archana tell me when she start watching she continue watch your video back back because way you speak while teach and humour you add make your video interesting slight sarcastic tone speaker contrast serious educational content with humor
Dirty:	"But it was my teacher's advice that you will find difficulty as long as you look for it."
Cleaned:	but it my teachers advice you find difficulty long you look it
Dirty:	"Life is similar. You will find what you look for."
Cleaned:	life similar you find what you look for
Dirty:	"So, he said that I must focus on a solution and spread the message of Gita."
Cleaned:	so he say i must focus solution and spread message of gita
Dirty:	"So, I started business management programs in corporates."
Cleaned:	so i start business management program corporates
Dirty:	"It was the first Gita motivational seminar in the history of Earth was given by Krishna."
Cleaned:	it first gita motivational seminar history of earth give krishna
Dirty:	"The first motivational speaker was Lord Krishna."
Cleaned:	the first motivational speaker lord krishna
Dirty:	"He motivated Arjuna on the battlefield."
Cleaned:	he motivate arjuna battlefield
Dirty:	"Krishna demonstrated patience with his leadership skills. It inspired me."
Cleaned:	krishna demonstrate patience with his leadership skills it inspire me
Dirty:	"That discussion inspired me."
Cleaned:	that discussion inspire me
Dirty:	"Khan sir, I heard that you in the five-star hotel yesterday, but you went out to have 'Vada Pav' in the stall by the road."
Cleaned:	khan sir i hear you fivestar hotel yesterday but you go out have vada pav stall road
Dirty:	"The thing is... You get to learn a lot."
Cleaned:	the thing is you get learn lot
Dirty:	"What you learn when you are starving and have no money is not taught in any university or college."
Cleaned:	what you learn when you starve and have no money not teach any university college
Dirty:	"There are two shortcomings in our educational system."
Cleaned:	there two shortcoming our educational system
Dirty:	"Why don't you die? What are you saying, Gudiya?" (Mocking the dramatic statement made by Gudiya in a sarcastic manner)
Cleaned:	why not you die what you saying gudiya mocking dramatic statement make gudiya sarcastic manner
Dirty:	"You started flirting the instant you came here." (Sarcasm regarding the overly enthusiastic behavior of the person)
Cleaned:	you start flirt instant you come here sarcasm regard overly enthusiastic behavior of person
Dirty:	"Imagine how smart he is!" (Sarcasm about Dr. Vivek's appearance on the show despite not having worked in any movie)
Cleaned:	imagine smart he is sarcasm about dr viveks appearance show despite not have work any movie
Dirty:	"Whenever I hear someone say 'motivate' - it feels like someone is mocking me." (Sarcastically expressing frustration with the overuse of the word "motivate")
Cleaned:	whenever i hear someone say motivate it feel like someone mock me sarcastically express frustration with overuse of word motivate
Dirty:	"My grandpa was drowning in a lake. I had a rope and a tube, but I couldn't save my grandpa. Why? Because I threw a straw at him. He used to say a straw can save a drowning man." (Dark humor and sarcasm about an ineffective attempt to help)
Cleaned:	my grandpa drown lake i have rope and tube but i could not save my grandpa why because i throw straw him he use say straw can save drown man dark humor and sarcasm about ineffective attempt help
Dirty:	"One is education, and the other is system."
Cleaned:	one education and other system
Dirty:	"I love Patna too."
Cleaned:	i love patna too
Dirty:	"I subscribe to your channel 10 times a day."
Cleaned:	i subscribe your channel 10 time day
Dirty:	"Just tell me something. He has not worked in any movie, but he is on The Kapil Sharma Show."
Cleaned:	just tell me something he have not work any movie but he kapil sharma show
Dirty:	"You can use any other word but motivate."
Cleaned:	you can use any other word but motivate
Dirty:	"Take 'motivate' out of your dictionary."
Cleaned:	take motivate out of your dictionary
Dirty:	"It would help if you started exercising, Gudiya."
Cleaned:	it would help if you start exercising gudiya
Dirty:	"Motivation is not a bad thing."
Cleaned:	motivation not bad thing
Dirty:	"My grandpa used to motivate us a lot."
Cleaned:	my grandpa use motivate u lot
Dirty:	"I wanted to ask something Khan sir. My uncle's son is not that great at studying. Will you help him study for his 12th grade and pass the exam?"
Cleaned:	i want ask something khan sir my uncles son not great studying you help him study his 12th grade and pas exam
Dirty:	"You cannot complete 10th grade, and that is fine." (Sarcastic response to a situation that would normally be seen as concerning)
Cleaned:	you cannot complete 10th grade and fine sarcastic response situation would normally see concerning
Dirty:	"But he passed away swiftly three days ago!" (Dark humor and sarcasm about a family member who didn't clear 10th grade)
Cleaned:	but he pas away swiftly three day ago dark humor and sarcasm about family member who not clear 10th grade
Dirty:	"The blackboard gave birth." (Absurd and sarcastic explanation for a situation)
Cleaned:	the blackboard give birth absurd and sarcastic explanation situation
Dirty:	"She doesn't just laugh, sir. Give her some petrol and her engine will start." (Sarcastic comparison of someone's laughter to an engine starting)
Cleaned:	she not just laugh sir give her some petrol and her engine start sarcastic comparison of someone laughter engine starting
Dirty:	"I go to a mechanic instead of a doctor when I fall sick." (Sarcasm about seeking unconventional help when unwell)
Cleaned:	i go mechanic instead of doctor when i fall sick sarcasm about seek unconventional help when unwell
Dirty:	"When Purshottam is on stage, tell him that he is very handsome." (Sarcastic request for a compliment)
Cleaned:	when purshottam stage tell him he very handsome sarcastic request compliment
Dirty:	"I studied in a village. We didn't have schools in villages, Mrs. Archana."
Cleaned:	i study village we not have school villages mrs archana
Dirty:	"We used to sit under a tree to study."
Cleaned:	we use sit under tree study
Dirty:	"The teacher used to write on it." (referring to the buffalo used as a blackboard)
Cleaned:	the teacher use write it referring buffalo use blackboard
Dirty:	"I have a request, sir. I have never asked anything from you."
Cleaned:	i have request sir i have never ask anything you
Dirty:	"I will summon him. Purshottam!" (referring to summoning someone named Purshottam for a task)
Cleaned:	i summon him purshottam referring summon someone name purshottam task
Dirty:	"Your brother is quite handsome. Everyone in our family is handsome. There is no need to act smart." (Sarcastic comment to someone trying to act clever)
Cleaned:	your brother quite handsome everyone our family handsome there no need act smart sarcastic comment someone try act clever
Dirty:	"How will that help? Will he feed wild cats in the future? He will be their prey!" (Exaggerating the consequences of a situation sarcastically)
Cleaned:	how help he fee wild cat future he their prey exaggerating consequence of situation sarcastically
Dirty:	"You look like a goat." (Sarcastic comparison)
Cleaned:	you look like goat sarcastic comparison
Dirty:	"HR means Hrithik Roshan." (Sarcastic misinterpretation of HR)
Cleaned:	hr mean hrithik roshan sarcastic misinterpretation of hr
Dirty:	"Have you achieved anything? I have helped raise baby goats." (Sarcastic response to a question about achievements)
Cleaned:	have you achieve anything i have help raise baby goats sarcastic response question about achievements
Dirty:	"When the baby goat went to drink buffalo milk, I stopped it." (Exaggerated story to highlight a supposed achievement)
Cleaned:	when baby goat go drink buffalo milk i stop it exaggerated story highlight suppose achievement
Dirty:	"Will you walk 20 steps? Get lost!" (Sarcastic dismissal)
Cleaned:	will you walk 20 steps get lost sarcastic dismissal
Dirty:	"Is this how you talk in their presence?" (Questioning someone's behavior in the presence of important people)
Cleaned:	is you talk their presence questioning someone behavior presence of important people
Dirty:	"Dr. Vivek knows a lot about the market." (Acknowledging someone's knowledge)
Cleaned:	dr vivek know lot about market acknowledging someone knowledge
Dirty:	"I am from Kharghar, Navi Mumbai. I am Kavita Agarwal." (Introduction by a guest)
Cleaned:	i kharghar navi mumbai i kavita agarwal introduction guest
Dirty:	"My son recently got married." (Simple statement about family)
Cleaned:	my son recently get married simple statement about family
Dirty:	"Just lie someday! Tell her that there are fights and violence took place. See the reaction and how they enjoy it." (Sarcastic suggestion for handling a situation)
Cleaned:	just lie someday tell her there fight and violence take place see reaction and they enjoy it sarcastic suggestion handle situation
Dirty:	"A man who says sorry when he is not sure is wise. And a man who says sorry even when he is right is called a husband." (Sarcastic remark about husbands always apologizing)
Cleaned:	a man who say sorry when he not sure wise and man who say sorry even when he right call husband sarcastic remark about husband always apologizing
Dirty:	"You better understand that you will never understand." (Sarcastic comment about a difficult-to-understand situation)
Cleaned:	you better understand you never understand sarcastic comment about difficulttounderstand situation
Dirty:	"There is a word in English. Diplomacy! Diplomacy means to live your life. And how we are with others." (Explanation of diplomacy)
Cleaned:	there word english diplomacy diplomacy mean live your life and we with others explanation of diplomacy
Dirty:	"I made my life easier by apologising sometimes and by forgiving sometimes." (Advice on the importance of apologies and forgiveness)
Cleaned:	i make my life easier apologise sometimes and forgive sometimes advice importance of apology and forgiveness
Dirty:	"If your relations mend by giving in - then you should. But you should stop if you are always the person giving in." (Advice on relationships and compromise)
Cleaned:	if your relation mend give then you should but you should stop if you always person give in advice relationship and compromise
Dirty:	"The problem is that when I come home after a long day... I see my wife's swollen face." (Describing a personal situation)
Cleaned:	the problem when i come home after long day i see my wifes swell face describing personal situation
Dirty:	"Do you wish to understand? Yes! Then you better understand that you will never understand." (A response to someone trying to understand their partner's situation)
Cleaned:	do you wish understand yes then you better understand you never understand a response someone try understand their partners situation
Dirty:	"In earlier times, a boy would propose a girl in a spiritual language. He would tell the girl, 'You are the soul of my body.' It would be spiritual and sentimental. The dialogue has changed in the year 2023! He says, 'You are the SIM card to my smartphone.' And the girl says, 'I pray to God that your smartphone should not be dual-SIM.'" (Sarcastic comment on how relationship language has changed over time.)
Cleaned:	in earlier times boy would propose girl spiritual language he would tell girl you soul of my body it would spiritual and sentimental dialogue have change year 2023 he says you sim card my smartphone and girl says i pray god your smartphone should not dualsim sarcastic comment relationship language have change over time
Dirty:	"We don't know about your personal matter. All of them are scared of commenting. No! We will not answer this question." (Sarcastic remark about avoiding answering personal questions.)
Cleaned:	we not know about your personal matter all of them scar of commenting no we not answer question sarcastic remark about avoid answer personal questions
Dirty:	"There can be misunderstandings in a relationship. It is very important to sit down and discuss to clear the misunderstandings." (Advice on handling relationship misunderstandings.)
Cleaned:	there can misunderstanding relationship it very important sit down and discus clear misunderstandings advice handle relationship misunderstandings
Dirty:	"We are understanding each other. Isn't it working? You have spent all these years and you will spend the rest of your life." (Reflection on a long-lasting relationship built on understanding.)
Cleaned:	we understand each other not it working you have spend all these year and you spend rest of your life reflection longlasting relationship build understanding
Dirty:	"We felt immense happiness after unfurling our National Flag at the peak of Mount Everest. We were climbing the peak because we wanted to give a message to our Nation that we daughters can do a lot of things if we want to." (Inspirational statement about daughters achieving great feats.)
Cleaned:	we felt immense happiness after unfurl our national flag peak of mount everest we climb peak because we want give message our nation we daughter can lot of thing if we want to inspirational statement about daughter achieve great feats
Dirty:	"Those who have come here with a valid pass, a very warm welcome to you all."
Cleaned:	those who have come here with valid pass very warm welcome you all
Dirty:	And to those who managed to get in through some 'jugaad' without any prior connection, I salute you—you are the pride of the nation!"
Cleaned:	and those who manage get through some jugaad without any prior connection i salute youyou pride of nation
Dirty:	As for those who entered without any pass, I’m going to request Modi Ji to approve their pension—you all are amazing!"
Cleaned:	those who enter without any pass i go request modi ji approve their pensionyou all amazing
Dirty:	When a husband and wife get two passes, but then they bring a 12-year-old child along?"
Cleaned:	when husband and wife get two passes but then they bring 12yearold child along
Dirty:	Well, this one is only 6 years old; let him in. He just came along like that.
Cleaned:	well one only 6 year old let him in he just come along like that
Dirty:	I asked, 'There are two passes, so how did three of you come?'"
Cleaned:	i asked there two passes so three of you come
Dirty:	"She replied, 'I’m not talking about passes; he just came into this world like that, no planning at all.'"
Cleaned:	she replied i not talk about passes he just come into world like that no plan all
Dirty:	"Actually, once there was a strike at my husband’s office, so he came home early, and then, well, this one came along too."
Cleaned:	actually once there strike my husbands office so he come home early and then well one come along too
Dirty:	"Let it go, brother, let us in."
Cleaned:	let it go brother let u in
Dirty:	"Whenever there's any movement or protest happening in any part of the country, everyone has just one thing to say: 'Let's go to Delhi.'"
Cleaned:	whenever there any movement protest happen any part of country everyone have just one thing say let u go delhi
Dirty:	"I don't understand—why do they come to Delhi to make their point to?"
Cleaned:	i not understandwhy they come delhi make their point to
Dirty:	Modi Sahib is already busy as it is."
Cleaned:	modi sahib already busy it is
Dirty:	That leaves the Governor Sahib and Kejriwal Sahib, and they don't even listen to each other.
Cleaned:	leave governor sahib and kejriwal sahib and they not even listen each other
Dirty:	So, who exactly are they here to talk to?"
Cleaned:	so who exactly they here talk to
Dirty:	"Since the Aam Aadmi Party formed the government in Delhi, everyone goes to the Chief Minister with all kinds of strange requests."
Cleaned:	since aam aadmi party form government delhi everyone go chief minister with all kind of strange requests
Dirty:	"The other day, a man went and said, 'Sir, just like you reduced the electricity bills by half, please reduce my wife's expenses by half too.'"
Cleaned:	the other day man go and said sir just like you reduce electricity bill half please reduce my wifes expense half too
Dirty:	"In response, the CM jokingly said, 'Oh, I became the Chief Minister because of my wife's expenses; otherwise, I used to get free juice during protests with Anna Hazare!'"
Cleaned:	in response cm jokingly said oh i become chief minister because of my wifes expenses otherwise i use get free juice during protest with anna hazare
Dirty:	We don't check the weather report for Delhi, we just watch the news."
Cleaned:	we not check weather report delhi we just watch news
Dirty:	If the Chief Minister wears a muffler, it means it's winter."
Cleaned:	if chief minister wear muffler it mean it winter
Dirty:	"And sometimes they even confuse us by wearing it in March or April while going out."
Cleaned:	and sometimes they even confuse u wear it march april while go out
Dirty:	Brother, who is playing the drum, your payment will be processed, no need for so much excitement."
Cleaned:	brother who play drum your payment processed no need so much excitement
Dirty:	"Those moments when time passes with a smile are special; they make you feel the love without saying a word."
Cleaned:	those moment when time pas with smile special they make you feel love without say word
Dirty:	"Though I have a home in many places, Delhi feels like my home. Here, I feel the essence of heaven."
Cleaned:	though i have home many places delhi feel like my home here i feel essence of heaven
Dirty:	"So, in Delhi, Sidhu Paaji feels like he's in heaven."
Cleaned:	so delhi sidhu paaji feel like he heaven
Dirty:	"Bhabhi is in Amritsar, so who is with you that makes you feel the essence of heaven?"
Cleaned:	bhabhi amritsar so who with you make you feel essence of heaven
Dirty:	"Has it ever happened that Bhabhi has asked, 'Sherry, please make me a cup of tea
Cleaned:	has it ever happen bhabhi have asked sherry please make me cup of tea
Dirty:	No please she just say..Sherry a cup of tea for me . It's not a request it's an order
Cleaned:	no please she just saysherry cup of tea me  it not request it order
Dirty:	You are my temple, and you are my worship; you are a lioness, and I am a scared mouse."
Cleaned:	you my temple and you my worship you lioness and i scar mouse
Dirty:	"So, what this means is that you have already surrendered your weapons in front of Bhabhi."
Cleaned:	so what mean you have already surrender your weapon front of bhabhi
Dirty:	"This is Ali Azgar and he is a man, trust me."
Cleaned:	this ali azgar and he man trust me
Dirty:	"By God's grace, I am a complete man, but due to the creativity of some men, I have to keep becoming a woman."
Cleaned:	by gods grace i complete man but due creativity of some men i have keep become woman
Dirty:	"This is the man who dresses me in women's clothes."
Cleaned:	this man who dress me womens clothes
Dirty:	I don't know what problem you have with my masculinity."
Cleaned:	i not know what problem you have with my masculinity
Dirty:	Actually, nowadays, Ali Bhai has really gotten used to it."
Cleaned:	actually nowadays ali bhai have really get use it
Dirty:	You know, his wife called me last week and   she told me, please start the show quickly, ali is  wearing my nighty, and at night, he told the kids that he is their real mother.'"
Cleaned:	you know his wife call me last week and she tell me please start show quickly ali wear my nighty and night he tell kid he their real mother
Dirty:	"Kiku Bhai is such a revolutionary that he even went to jail for the sake of comedy. What did you do?"
Cleaned:	kiku bhai such revolutionary he even go jail sake of comedy what you do
Dirty:	"Please, let it go, sir. Forgive me."
Cleaned:	please let it go sir forgive me
Dirty:	"You must have said that later. What did you do first?"
Cleaned:	you must have say later what you first
Dirty:	"This is the multi-gender artist, Mr. Sunil Grover. They say behind every successful man, there's a woman, but by God's grace, the woman is within him."
Cleaned:	this multigender artist mr sunil grover they say behind every successful man there woman but gods grace woman within him
Dirty:	"Sunil Bhai, when you step out as a man, do people recognize you?"
Cleaned:	sunil bhai when you step out man people recognize you
Dirty:	"What do you mean? I am a man. I do become a woman, brother."
Cleaned:	what you mean i man i become woman brother
Dirty:	"No, but how do you feel in men's clothes today?"
Cleaned:	no but you feel mens clothe today
Dirty:	"I am feeling way lighter, it feels like the burden has been lifted off my chest. I am thankful to the whole team that this time I am coming as a gentleman."
Cleaned:	i feel way lighter it feel like burden have lift off my chest i thankful whole team time i come gentleman
Dirty:	"Actually, there is nothing special to say about her, so I just called her a fine actress."
Cleaned:	actually there nothing special say about her so i just call her fine actress
Dirty:	"If there is an ordinary person in our team, it's him."
Cleaned:	if there ordinary person our team it him
Dirty:	"You're taking me lightly. Kejriwal Sahib has known me since before he entered politics."
Cleaned:	you take me lightly kejriwal sahib have know me since before he enter politics
Dirty:	"The election symbol, the broom he holds, the idea came to him just by looking at your face.
Cleaned:	the election symbol broom he holds idea come him just look your face
Dirty:	"They have to show off but don't say that they are feeling cold."
Cleaned:	they have show off but not say they feel cold
Dirty:	"Later, they stand near the heater."
Cleaned:	later they stand near heater
Dirty:	"This time, it's not that cold, but otherwise, the cold in Delhi can be extreme sometimes."
Cleaned:	this time it not cold but otherwise cold delhi can extreme sometimes
Dirty:	Some people deliberately come late, wearing beautiful sarees, just to show off that they are wearing them."
Cleaned:	some people deliberately come late wear beautiful sarees just show off they wear them
Dirty:	"Look, you are highly mistaken, but boys line up behind me.
Cleaned:	look you highly mistaken but boy line up behind me
Dirty:	"So, you should go to the ladies' toilet."
Cleaned:	so you should go ladies toilet
Dirty:	Oh, my money... I don't need it. Brother, I’m not giving , I’m asking from you.
Cleaned:	oh my money i not need it brother i not give  i ask you
Dirty:	"Aren't you ashamed, asking for money at this age? God gave you hands, go work, drive an auto..."
Cleaned:	are not you ashamed ask money age god give you hands go work drive auto
Dirty:	you came here in an auto, let’s go, pay the fare.
Cleaned:	you come here auto let u go pay fare
Dirty:	Wretched man, I thought you came to drop me as a human being.
Cleaned:	wretched man i think you come drop me human being
Dirty:	The auto runs on gas, not humanity."
Cleaned:	auto run gas not humanity
Dirty:	"Oh, get lost, don’t act frank with me."
Cleaned:	oh get lost not act frank with me
Dirty:	Oh, brother, take out my money, let’s go. I don’t have money.
Cleaned:	oh brother take out my money let u go i not have money
Dirty:	The village didn’t settle, the beggar came first."
Cleaned:	village not settle beggar come first

[1m 1/25[0m [37m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m13s[0m 546ms/step
[1m 2/25[0m [32m━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m1s[0m 59ms/step  
[1m 3/25[0m [32m━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m1s[0m 55ms/step
[1m 4/25[0m [32m━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m1s[0m 61ms/step
[1m 5/25[0m [32m━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m1s[0m 67ms/step
[1m 6/25[0m [32m━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m1s[0m 69ms/step
[1m 8/25[0m [32m━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m1s[0m 62ms/step
[1m 9/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m1s[0m 64ms/step
[1m10/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 64ms/step
[1m11/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 65ms/step
[1m12/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 68ms/step
[1m13/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 69ms/step
[1m14/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 70ms/step
[1m15/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 72ms/step
[1m16/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 71ms/step
[1m18/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 67ms/step
[1m19/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 68ms/step
[1m20/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 69ms/step
[1m21/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 70ms/step
[1m22/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━━[0m [1m0s[0m 70ms/step
[1m23/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━━[0m [1m0s[0m 70ms/step
[1m24/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m━[0m [1m0s[0m 69ms/step
[1m25/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m[0m [1m0s[0m 83ms/step
[1m25/25[0m [32m━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━[0m[37m[0m [1m3s[0m 84ms/step
Predicted probability length:  776
Accuracy: 0.539
Precision: 0.549
Recall: 0.539
F_score: 0.543

              precision    recall  f1-score   support

           0       0.65      0.62      0.64       507
           1       0.35      0.38      0.37       269

    accuracy                           0.54       776
   macro avg       0.50      0.50      0.50       776
weighted avg       0.55      0.54      0.54       776


Confusion Matrix:
[[315 192]
 [166 103]]

Classification Report:
              precision    recall  f1-score   support

           0       0.65      0.62      0.64       507
           1       0.35      0.38      0.37       269

    accuracy                           0.54       776
   macro avg       0.50      0.50      0.50       776
weighted avg       0.55      0.54      0.54       776

